Part 8: War For Humanities Soul!: Part 1 - Beginning of the End

Part 8.1: The war to come!

Within Paradise, as Nina was alone after her sister left her there. She had a check up with in the hospital section as she asked Milla what truly awaited her in the coming days… Milla looked at Nina who was shacking and scared, she didn’t sugar coat anything: “As you are a Valariyan now, you will be placed in a human body designed and altered by the Emperor for your core. The moment you give birth, your child will be placed immediately in a perfectly ready human body. While you will be moved to one the second your done giving birth, it just makes more sense as you won’t have to suffer. Plus the idea of impending a core within a human with a child is unheard of… We don’t do that basically and this method is perfect.” As she looked done in even more she wondered, if she couldn’t chose not to change as Irane entered: “No, you have no choice so make peace with it. It is set and done, I’ve already started on bodies and stoping now is pointless. Moving forwards, this Aura, she is a student of mine, and one of the closest individual to me. She has been instructed to keep an eye on you for the coming days.” As she entered Aura greeted Nina, as Irane left immediately. As Aura said he was very busy. She offered to show Nina around the city, as she would use a hover system which ment they didn’t need to walk around, but more drive or hover around. Nina was shocked as Aura showed Nina all over the city. She showed her the people around and the areas where their weapon, and material were made, the forge as well as the Factories as she added: “We’ll this was the main forge but now that forge in Tulla and how they were in the process of attack and preparing to capture another city but from Vraka and the Ferali and Alma. It was a in a was a Gold mine for mineral and ores. It was a Gold mine which they hadn’t even been Harvesting the material in the same way that the Primordial Primals did. Through a natural extraction process. They were Preparing to Attack and capture the city of Essayo Next. It was a massive mission which would be done after Irane was back to full health in a few months time. They weren’t in a rush in order to get there. 
Nina was shocked by how much Aura seemed to know as she asked if everyone was this well informed, as Aura revealed that no, she was just always around Irane and that she was his personal pupil and was previewed to a lot of information: “After I was made human, I started to be near the palace the whole time, Lord Irane, well he made me watch and babysit Summari, Nighla and Dokia all the the time, so I started to live there almost in that moment. It just happened I wasn’t even told, but I soon found that the room I was sleeping in had all my possession. The photo of my family and everything they left behind, Lord Irane gave me a home and I will always be grateful. But soon after I was always following him around. I started being by his side when he traveled. He would always hold onto Summari and Nighla in his sides, while Dokia was wrapped around his tail. I’m was the one who carried Junior around.” She was amazed that she was that high of a position as she assumed she was like everyone else. As Nina looked around the city, she noticed some people who were present when she arrived., she saw how the Primal and Orians’s seemed to be best friends. How two raced of people who hated each other so much that a war that in truth never ended for thousands of years where hugging and laughing together in the streets together. Nina was amazing as Aura stated: “It doesn’t really matter what your race or back ground is in Apexia. All that really defines are who obey the law and who don’t. There are those who choose to obey and other who don’t. IN truth it is a choice, and everyone made that choice, so we are all equals as we all serve the same person. And the only thing we care about is how well are you doing everything you can to server his will?” That is all that matters to the Apexian’s. Nina explained: “You guys, Orians and even Primals call us Apexian’s as a whole. Which is fair. But in truth we have 2 different groups of Apexian’s. 
The first is the typical Apexian know the people of the Empire. We are all people of the empire so that term referring to all of us us fair,: “But We have a different Second class: Valariyan, it is those who server the emperor. Not just a person of the Empire, but a servant. One who shall never refuse an order from the Emperor, one who is an extension of his will and a vessel of his power. That is what it means ot be a Valariya, so you very lucky indeed. We had a late set that only people who have served within the Empire or 10 years will be permitted to become a Valariyan!” In that moment Nina was shocked to see the requirement as she asked why they did it as Nina explained: “Because those who will come to Apexia in the coming days will be refugees. People who want to start a home here and act as though they are the same as us. Valariyan’s is a term of a person who is fully devoted to Lord Irane, a person who will do anything he asked. Anything. And those who remain as those of use who saw im at his weakest, and choose to stay. We fought and offered all we were asked to offer to him. We never left and we obeys. Lord Irane is amazing, he cured my Parah and even said that his   will never know the pain of Parah, unless it evolves beyond this cure and adaptation of the body, but we have nothing to worry about, we will never have to really fear it, it will basically be like getting a rash for some time, then it disappearing after a few days. She said:” We all serve Lord Kazemi, and you have chosen to be a Valariyan, which is both a privilege and a very difficult road and life to walk, so difficult that all the children who are born in the Empire will be considered Apexian’s until 21 - 31, at which point they have the right to become a Valariyan, and must serve the Emperor as a Apexian. As a person who does not have to follow his orders. As an idivudal who is free to leave, you must serve, if he orders you to kill you must kill. If he orders you to live you will live. Your core is his till even after you die. You will serve in life and a copy of you will serve after death. Your core is his and that is final.” Nina was shocked at how she spoke of it, as though it was a privilege as all she heard was being a perfect little slave, and a systems which makes people obey and do as they are told and not to think about it. As Nina added: ‘Well they can choose to be Apexian’s forever ends not become VAlariyan’s. They will simply live under the law of Lord Irane and that’s it. They pay taxes, and have the right to choose ot join the army, but you are simply the people of this land, who follow the law of it. That is all. 

Nina asked simply: ‘I see, I get it im a slave is what you mean… That is what he ment, ,I knew that, he said so when he asked me join or leave, I chose this.” As Aura placed her hand on her back with childish and innocent smile as she said: “Welcome to the club, as she pulled her to meet the people, she was shocked as she was pulled by Aura. Her energy attracted a crowed as she stated: “Ladies and gentleman we have a new Valariyan, Lord Irane has taken her as an offering from the Orians.” There was a gather of people as it seemed there was a spread of the info, she was welcomed by the all the people. She was shocked at how Primals heard her name and title and still accepted her, her family was one that butched them and helped kill their ancestors, and yet they seemed to forget that, They simply welcomed her, as they all said: “When you get your body, make sure come back so we can brand you, in the new festival we have planned.” Nina was confused as Nina explained that the Valariyan’s host a festival every year on the birthday of the empire, to welcome all the new valariyan’s into the community. They do it almost like a paint on your hand and place it on a body, but the paint is a special mana marker, each person hand has their unique mana color on it as the Valariyan’s would touch and play around welcoming all those who choose to be a Valariyan by having them be marked by the mana of true Valariyan’s as a sign of welcome and respect, as also to say we mark you as one of use!” Nina laughed at the idea, as she said that reminded her of all the stories Zoe would tell about the Fest to her. As Nina thought it might be nice. They kept travel around the city as Aura introduced Nina to many people and showed a lot of people, as though making it clear she existed and that she must be know. Nina was shocked that Aura did such a thing, noting how smart and capable she was at that age, it reminded her of how capable Arai was when she was a child, she seemed so capable nd dependable and it was so nostalgia for her. Nina was retuned to the Palace as she was welcomed by Isoke who asked her ot come get a check-up, she apologies about the joke she made. She treated her gently, making sure she was comfortable, checking on her child and her body. She told her that she is due any time now, and so Lord Irane was busy all week preparing and ensuring the body you will and your child will get are perfect and ready, and its the fact that he’s doing it personally to, you should be honours.” Nina looked shocked as she asked: “I heard about everything of your society. And I see what I chose, but I wanted to ask: “What happens, I mean there no way that people of 2 raves who desipe each other would simply agree to bury the past and move on, what manipulation did he use?” 

Iso laughed as she stated: “Well that’s a good question, we each have our moments I guess, the moments we simply realised that maybe, just maybe he really is the story brought to life. You know those who stayed, the ten million who remained in the city all have 1 main thing in someone among about 99% of them, And that is they heard Valariya’s fairy tail. We all heard of the emperor and he builds his empire with his subjects.” Iso tells her the story, the same way valariya did, Isoki used to works under the More house to, and we see she was there as a care giver to children. They were deeply invested on genetics alteration on children. It was dark and evil. But she was skilled and keeping children alive. And that made her useful. Soon she was able to leave that life, and she enter the Consa house after Minia took over, thinking it was safe and she could do actual good. She even working with Cai(Arai) at so point, but she saw the same hell, a place that turned children to monster, she saw it all, but she saw something every different in Cai. She did the most evil work, the work of altering the minds of children to believe in Irane. She saw that evil act and she saw the results of it. How that allowed her to have the most children alive, it was watching her that she worked in the Consa house and heard Valariya telling her story to the children in the house. They all knew that fairy tale well.: “We all left The Primals to Paradise after with Cai(Hope) She was amazing, she was all we needed, and we still believed, then she left and we entered hell. True hell because of your Orians friend and Aetherals. They made our lives hell. But we still had Criya, he did all he could and it was so much… But it still wasn’t enough, not until he retuned. He came back everything started to seem to find order again. We couldn’t stop believing in that story. Even we who used to brainwash those kids, we also brainwashed ourself into believing in it to. And we saw before us a man instead of a God. And we understood. He was a man, he could die and he needed us. I wanted to be able to help. I wasn’t to help make this empire special cause I saw hope in him. And im so glad I did it to. He hasn’t once, not once failed us. But I also see the cold loneliness in it all.” 

Nina looked at her as she asked: “Do you knwo about Lord Kazemi, and Arai Nexal?” Iso looked at her with a blank stare: “I know that he likes her because of some curse she placed on him or something like that. I wasn’t really paying attention when Gran-Gran explained it to me, but I was told that he was doing all of this for her, and 2 other woman.” Nina looked confused as she let it slip that she saw them being intimate together as Iso looked absolutely shocked beyond belief as she and Aura who also there looked at each in absolute disbelief as they asked each other: “So that why Mira was acting like that…” Its seemed Mira was seem running and screaming into the forest region to prevent affect the people with her emotion of Emo-Adore Life-Death time was an element she couldn’t properly control as she was still affected by Irane’s Will she was lost in the moment as she ran into the forest. As they said there was nothing but what looked like a dance pattern of devastation. They both laughed as they realised what it ment, they took it less seriously as they both(Aura and isoki) pulled Nina to see Irane as they cornered him into telling them the truth. He didn’t deny it as he said it with no shame, regret or fear, as he asked: “So what?” The lack of a major reaction made them annoyed as they left, in their disappointment they left Nina alone with Irane as he asked: “So are you well? How was the tour with Aura?” Nina looked perplexed, Irane looked extremely tried yet he spoke as though there was nothing wrong, but his presence was immense, she felt it and it made it hard for her to move. As she liked as Irane appeared for and handed her a glass of water, Relax please. I really am just as man.” He was exposing his body to her, the his right side of his body was covered by Parah, but ever worse, she had so many scares and injuries that it made no sense. His body was like that of a warrior, In Nina’s terms: “You body tells a story of hell and war.” Nina looked at Irane for some time as she Core Ability activated, as she she was able to see the flow of time as s stream of water, she can also view, the events of time as she swings back, she was viewing the mana paths of the body, as she tried to focus on him she saw what seemed like an infinite Universe of water and time, so much time that it made to sense, as she looked back and it was impossible In that one moment she nearly passed out as Irane forced her to stop using her core technique. You should be careful, You were veiwing my mana’s past weren’t you. I wouldn’t suggest that. I have far to mush history for your o comprehend at your skill level. Nina was in fear and horror as she thought she was going to drown, and Irane calmed her down. The same impossible man, was now holding her gently, it made no sense. As Irane helped her up, he said to her: “Once your a Valariyan, I will gift for you, also go say hi to Mira when you get the chance, and make sure you deiced what you want to do, its better and easier for me when you want to do something.” 

Nina was shocked by the way he acted as the next few days, she lived among the people there, learning more on the duties, of the 3 major Ars; 
1. Teaching/Naturing -Those who teach the next generation, helping unlock their abilities and skills. Those who make sure that the people have all the food and resources available, such as farmers, and doctors, and teachers. 
2. Building/ Creating - Thos who create in the industrial industry, which is major at the moment as they focus on building and understanding primordial tech and building for the new city. And the weapons and tools. They focus on the craft oaf all form of creating. They also create for houses and fixing things like plumbing, or massive weapons. All of it. And he creator sec and also take for the indrtrcut of creating tools and having the designs and know how to make them. 
3. Protecting/Law - Focus on policing and keeping the law. Ensuring that the who Go against the Emperors Will are punished, and those who act against the principles of the law are caught. It is said that no one who enters this sect lives a soft life, This is also the siting place of the military and army wing, Fully set in war time, 

As each forces in a major role they all needed to enter, as all thing in the empire replied on these three Pilars. Those who for the empire, most people enter the 1st, while the 2nd largest was the 3rd - as that was the military and all who could fight had to fight. And finally the smallest was the 2nd as they were specialist, like Pandor, master of mage craft and use of the advance technology. They welded the specialist, the ones who needed the most skill to do. And it took the longest ot train, it was the hardest to get into to. As When she finally spoke with Mira there was no change in how Mira treated Nina, it was no different at all, as the story of Axola and Tunde were portraying her as a monster. They spoke of some time as Mira asked if she decide which group she was going to aim for as Nina Sid maybe the 1st and Mira replied telling her she hopes she gets it, then as they continued: Nina asked if she would get to be in that one as Mira said: “Well we have what is called assessments here, were we have you take a series of tests and trails. We test your mana, core and we developer your skill in all the fields available. We test and train you across possible options, from the score you get from that test you are give you options which you can apply for within the 3. Now lets said your Nina for example and you get all the needed results to apply to be a doctor, that will be logged as her option, now the state and this is Irane assess her as well, and makes a suggestion on which option she should pursue. Now in this case lests say Irane suggest that she enters he 2nd: As a Eneginer and designer. Specialist, warrior mechanics 2 and 3. The main suggestion which will be taken will be at the end of the day set by Irane. So if there is a clash, Irane reads their case which they submit with their person choice and request. At that point a choice will be made after all sides have. So it becomes a matter of State vs Person in terms of choices, as Irane hears both sides, he can create a compromise of mixing them, or even making the person take a option they didn’t even think of, IN all cases he decried and in all cases he has a Goode reason. 

As Nina gave birth to a baby boy, Both their cores were moved to a human body. Irane explained that the body they had now the perfect design for all they will need. He used Design to help him alter the bodies genetic makeup while suing his mana to alter the actual form. The body was in all rights a Tool that Irane make, one that was special made in this case. Nina woke up in moment in her new form, she was shocked by her form, as she was give her child. She laughed as she stated how she could now have 3 children again, as Irane noted true, but don’t rush, your body will need a long time, to adjust to you fully. About a month. For until them you will be in close watch.”Nina named her child Nara Nexal(Time-Energy; Chaotic-Darkness core alignment) he was in all respects fully healthy. There were no issues as the she celebrated. Time went on as the time came for her assessment. She was placed into the test and got her results, She looked at her option, Inn truth she thought about the 1st one, the safest, she would work and farm and work a noble life, but in truth, she wanted to fight and help her sister, She had already came to the realisation that her sister might have sent her here for her safety.
Now she choose to enter the 3rd - Protecting and Law, and selecting Military sect, as the state/system selected she do in the 2dn: Special military engineer, then there was a third option for her from Irane stating: “0- Emperor’s Subject!” She saw the description as it sounded like that Aura was doing, she looked at it and thought about it all. As he looked she realised that this was no joke, if she accepts she would be expected to do the worst of the worst, but also she would be the closest to Irane. As she accepted it.  Mira came and asked what route she chose and Nina explained and Mira laughed at her, telling her she chose the worst options available. The forbidden path. As Mira put it, Aura has one as well as Jade. Its was working directly with Irane and it was hell.” 
As she came in after a few weeks of resting and being with her son, she came in to work… 

On this day Irane met her with Aura and Jade present. He showed he was fully healthy, it wasn’t apparent to the rest, he never made any declaration that he was back to full health. No he simply kept on move as he spoke: “Now Aura Veil(Light-Darkness-Air; Chaotic-Light core alignment) has been here from day 1, she is your senior Nina(Time-water; harmonic-darkness), jade(Electric-darkness ; Chaotic dark)!” Aura stood with a prideful smile, she was just 6, yet she was by Irane all the time. Nina’s face seemed sock as to have a child as a senior as Irane added: “The only reason she is your senior in this regard is cause she’s been by my side the longest…” Then after a moment Irane asked Nina: “So tell me, how much of the truth do you want to know?” She seemed confused as Irane added: “You’re a Valariyan now Nina, you are free to know everything you want to know. The truth and facts about me, and the truth about your sister and her connection to me. How much of it all do you want to know, even of your master…” As he said that he said and placed Dokia in her arms. Nina seemed to pause. IN the last month that she had been there she never once felt like a slave, but also the people there accepted her, after seeing her sister with Irane that night she had a million questions, but she was scared of the answer, what was she involved in, as she told Irane: “I would like to know everything!” Irane noted the look in her eyes and smiled: “I’m sure, well let me tell you…” In that moment he explained everything. The full facts of how his sister was involved in his creation. How he had her, Hope and Zoe’s core within is body. How she was Cai Consa, and why she really brought her to Paradise. The fact that their plan was about to trul get started and the upcoming war, and how truly world changing is was going to be as Irane added and told her. Nina was absolutely shocked and even more than that she paused after absorbing all that information, all of it. In a moment Irane finished with: “I am just a man!” A line that made Aura call him a lier with no hesitation as she added: “Please don’t believe Lord Irane, he isn’t a normal man, not at all.” At that Nina asked: “You said all your doing is for the sake of my sisters, Hope’s and Zoe’s Desires. You’re creating this empire for that?” Irane added: “The Empire bit of it is to cater to Hope. The city and its people, well that’s cause of Zoe. You could actually say the Apexian aspect of the Empire is for Zoe. As we stated, anyone is free to be part of the empire and to select which group they belong to… now the Apexian are just the people who live in the land as people of the Empire. The Valariyan’s are a different story all together. They are extension of me. They are in all rights people who have offered their core to me, so are mine to do with as I see fit. Each person has their reason to join. And as you know I provide the 3 options and paths as to ensure that people choose the route that they want. In truth the Empire was never ment to have more Valariyan’s then Apexian. They were ment to be the minority. Well that will change moving forward but that is all there is. The Apexian are the people. Those who simply want a place to call home. The Valariyan are the people who act as the extension of the Emperor. You all live to be my will. My desire and rules are yours to do. Your core is mine as such you are to use your core for my desire! That is what your sister made you. She could have made you an Apexian, but she specifically added you to the Valariyan club. In that regard I assume your sister in all rights is confessing that she needs you and your power for her goal!” 
At that Nina paused as she held Dokia. She stared at Irane with a stunned expression: “…She needs me? She really does” Irane added,. Your sister is someone who holds a lot of guilt and wants to pay back the world for all the deaths that occurred under her name. We have 1 main mission. The Valariyan will do all they can to fight and deal with Vraka and Selis. The plan is in motion and soon we will make our move. The end of the old world shall die soon and Vraka and Seils will pay for all they did on Orians. That is what Arai wants!” 
Jade was also stunned, he had chosen a long time ago not to know it all, and now hearing all of this was shocking to him, as Nina laughed, as though losing her mind and having her world shattered as she spoke: “Is she insane! Vraka, Selis... what she’s planning on Orians, it is impossible. She can’t do it. No this is not a mission for some regular person…” Irane spoke up: “She can do it! With the help of Zoe and Hope, there is nothing she can’t do. I have give her my Soul(Ailiya) so guide her and help her. In truth I would have prefer for Hope to go with my Emotions(Mira) and for Zoe to have my Death(Dokia) but well Mira is a wanted woman in Orians and is seen as a monster and traitor based on her action under the Consa, and Well Dokia is a baby so… yeah!” He laughed as Aura added: “You really should have more confidence, Lord Irane can’t fail.” She said with such confidence and faith that it shock her, Nina was shocked by the confidence and belief a child like her could have, and the certainty in her voice.” Jade added to Nina: “I joined cause of Cai… well I guess it was Hope in truth now that I joined for. I won’t lie I joined cause Cai changed and fought against Minia. She called us and said to fight by her side and I did. She spoke with devotion and even renamed this very city, this ruin of a past time when we had it all. I heard the stories of when the Primals had it all. And when I saw this city, and heard from the elders the stories of the Primordials… well I couldn’t hide or stop myself from believing in it, in the vision of Hope implanted in many of use. I can promise you many who left the city after hearing Cai was dead, well I feel bad for them, as they won’t get to see her again, I am honour to know the truth. I know the people can’t ever find out the truth about Cai and how Hope was Cai, but I want to ensure that that her vision lasts and exists. I want to see lady Hope and show her the city she gave everything for. I have watched this city and these people at the most hopeful and in their deepest darkest breaking point, so many of them, of use lived with Valariya’s stroy as our only source of comfort, its a story that is spreading in its completion. Pandro showed us the full story, the whole of it, not just the champion, but the empire, The story of his dead wife… you know he tells it to his children all the time…” Aura added: “It’s my favourite story, its so beautiful, the man who becomes the emperor and builds the empire he rules over with his people who would live and die for him. It’s an amazing story, I even tell it to Dokia and them. Aura laughed as she added: “Funny enough, when I start the story, Summari is asleep and Nighla is awake, but at the end Summari is awake and Nighla is asleep. Its weird. But still a wonderful story.” Irane added: “Its my favourite story to!” Aura chucked as she stated: “I mean it is your story, it be weird you didn’t like it as irane laughed and added: “That story existed long before I did. I was simply gifted the name Irane by the same person who named the character in the story Irane. The only real connection me and that character have in-common is that we both got out name from the same person…” In a moment of laughter Nina asked: “Valariya, she was Aliya sister right, my sister said she saw Valariya as her daughter…” Irane added: “She did indeed, its why Urial can easily be seen as your sister Grandson, And that makes you Aliya’s and Valariya’s Aunt and Urial Grand-Aunt, if that’s rights…” Nina paused as she took it all in. She resolved her self as she looked at Dokia, the ‘daughter’ of her master Sith. The whole idea of it all and even more she was amazed more than anything as she thought back to Irane’s words that his sister made her a Valariyan for a reason, Nina accepted it, she wanted to do all she could to lessen her sisters burden and to ensure that her plans succeed. Hearing about how she was suffering and all that she went through, Nina felt so guilty as she resolved to be of absolute use to Irane and to be absolute loyal. As Irane smiled and explained: 

“I want you three to understand, if you break my law, and in this case if you act against my will as a Valariyan. You will be begging for death, and it is far worse, far worse for you all! You three will trailed and judge with harsher laws as you are the closest people to me, You three will be members of squad 1, we will create squads as we move forward, At the moment we will set up 3 main squads. The 1st division will be currently lead by me until we are in a better position, Squad 2 will be lead by Mira, then Squad 3 will be lead by Pandro for the time, we will handle it… You three will be trained by me, and I promise you 2(Jade and Nina) This will be hell. But I promise you and you can ask Aura, you will all be pushed past your limits. Prepare yourselves, you will be the aids to my cores!” 





As we cut back to Arai as she was traveling back she asked Dio and Leo to give Hope and Zoe a box. She told them to relay her words: “I can’t do this without you two!” As they got it, it was a special necklace that Iris made, it was made from the mana’s of Crono and Dima, Allowing them to enter a mental space where time moves differently, they can spend hours in the mind scape, but only a few minute would have passed in the real world, the only issue os that their fully vulnerable while using it. So Aliya watched over Arai’s body, while Dio watches of Hope’s body and Leos watched over Zoe’s. They had set up time to do it on a weekly bases . They all talked about the plan and the results of Zoe’s actions. Arai made a new plan that would suite their goals as one for all of them. They would need to have alot of influence and only select the right type of people of the empire, a fact that Zoe had to accept sadly. She but she understood that some people just can’t be re-habilitated or change their ways. Arai also stated state that as of this point they don’t see the Apexia Empire as an ally, they would need to succeed with their full forces and that they would need to truly do their best in the war. They must go of the win, a statement that made Mira Smile in excitement. She stated how they would need power and influence and if the extinction of the Primals I needed so be it. She was direct as she added: “I asked for your help as I enact the my plan to seal the Arke twins!” 
At this moment they moved as one as when all their objectives aligned they acted as a terrying force, they laid their assets on the table as Arai added: “We need to truly challenge the status quo of this world, and we have to truly make out mark upon it, irreversible. We move and we don’t stop, no matter what happens.” As the three agreed. They all accepted the plan. Zoe smiled as she said: “Irane would be proud, now we’re just missing Summari and Nighla as in that moment, they heard the laughter of the children, as it seemed Irane also gave them the necklaces to enter the mental space as Hope added: “Of course he wouldn’t exclude him, As they laughed, in a moment Arai manifested Crono, Which shocked Hope and Zoe as they had no idea they could do that as Arai stated, trust me Iris does no play which her tools and creation. Hope was amazed that she spoke with Iris, as Zoe manifested Aphexia, calling her Aph(like Af), As she smiled and gently spoke to them all, it was Here that Crono also greeted back, in a moment Enari appeared behind Hope, he seemed like a golden universal being behind Hope. He was massive in the way he seemed to appear as Hope asked him: “well manifesting you takes its toll! And Enari laughed, not my fualt really, but don’t worry. Then he asked Arai: “SO where in this beautiful plan doo you include me?” Arai smiled as she responded: “When me and Zoe get our tools from Iris.” At this moment Enari smiled deeply: 
“Ah it feel like an eternity since I saw them, I winder what they will look like in your hands.” As in that moment they all accepted the plan. 
 Now They were fully set As Arai added, they needed ot find the core of Gaia, as ASAP as Mira stated that she was able to extend the space at which Anari can detect at range, she has been moving around and didn’t find it anywhere, as Noted, they wouldn’t be able to find it if it wasn’t in this space, they needed to hunt for it, not simply hope to detect it. Arai added God, we will leave it to you. We need Gaia in the next few months. Hope don’t stop your search though, keep looking while you have Enari.” They needed to rush as they needed ot ensure hey had those 2 cores of Cronu and Gaia. 

As we cut now to Paradise, we see that Toma and Minia have been very busy pushing and forcing people to be make more children, Minia was started to do serious experiment on the human subject on Earth, AN activity that allowed her access to More’s most secure lab and research. She was at the top of the world, as she made and excitements a countless number of times on the Primal-Humans. It was terrifying to see as the bodies and princes of people and as the lab was now being washed. They were doing horrible experiment on people. But she did it in the face of the leaders of the Wov and Osiro clans: Kai and Nex. They watched on in horror as they had no authority to intervien. Now we need to understood that the Wov and Osiro clans were the original holder of the Gaia and Cronu’s Tools and Beast Forms: Mother Nature and Father Time. After the events of fest the last refinance of them were saved by Toma more, As of now, they both serving the Toma. 
Nex Wov: (Nature-Fire-Water; Harmonic-Dark - Father of Vesper Wov)
Kai Osiro: (Energy-Wind-Ice; Chaotic-Light)
Alex More: (Light-Dark; chaotic-dark ) 
Now we need to understand that Ember returned in this terrifying time as she requested a meeting with them, as the leaders of the Primal of Heaven. Now Tan was with her disguised as a Guard for her. On old armour, he lied and stated that he was a guard in the old Cai era and I came to watch over lady Ember id all. It was here that Ember would meet Kai. As they looked at each other there was no dough at all that they were sisters related. It turns out that Kai’s mother had a twin sister, and that twin was Embers mother, she was taken by Toma years ago and they believed she was killed by him, they never imagined that she would have a child within there. Ember explained how her life was and how her mother killed as they said she gave birth to a weak child, and she was a failure. Stating how her mother killed herself, in order to escape the hell. It was a heartbreaking story. It was far too hard to hear, as Kai welcomed her. She and Nex comforted her as they welcomed her. Minia was very unsure, she knew that Ember might have come to kill her after everything that occurred. As time went on Kai and Ember just spend time together as they would simply speak of their lives. Nex was present as he was in a way a present bystander, he was watching the interaction as one would watch their favourite show. It was at this time, as they spoke of children as Ember asked her sister if she had any as Kai and Nex paused they looked at each other… Well children born out of wedlock are critisied in this world in the clans we have, so we did something. IN a moment they decide to tell her the truth, as Nex didn’t even feel like he was revealing a secret as he spoke: “He and your sister, well we got busy and she got Pregnant, now that was all good and all, but she was highly citirsized in the clans as she was unmarried and pregnant, she didn’t disclose the name of the father, and that made it even worse. But you see… As on the day My wife gave birth, was the same day as when Kai gave birth, but only my wife gave birth ot 2 child. Earlier. One of them died…” As Nex paused in a horror silence he continued: “No listen: 
“I have twins Ember, I switched the bodies of My dead son for the body of my current son. His name is Vesper Wov, His her son. And he is unaware of the truth. 

Now Vesper Wov(Energy-Electric Harmonic-Light) was the son of Nex Wov, and the twin younger brother of Taliya Wov(Nature-Light; Chaotic-dark), his older ‘twin’-sister. She knows the truth about her brother and how Vesper is actually Kia’s son, well she understood that her father made the most logical descision as with the child considered dead, the matter around it died and Kia was able to return to her role as the head of the Osiro. They both held a lot of guilt and felt as they were failures as they were both leaders in a generation when the leaders of the Wov, and Oriso clan heads didn’t heave The Beast and Tool of myth.” It really hurts, but we have to push on, we have to do all we can and help were we can. Not even for our ruined clans, but our tomorrows we must still spread the story of Adam and Eve and the Promise and teaching of the Tools and Beast to the people. We have a duty and yet we are forced to serve the man who is actively fighting with our country man. Remember Ember ember we of the Wov and Osiro as Like you Orians, we simply own that basterd and we are bound by a dept ot see it paid.” In this moment Ember also revealed that she had a son with Irane Kazemi! There they both looked at her at new that just shattered their mind, as entered a young boy and girl who started to ask her about the child, they were around 16 years old. As she revealed that he was just a few months old as the asked her about him and he was like. Nex apologised for his children to Ember as he told them not to spread any of that information around as it was dangerous to say this. 


At this moment Kia asked Ember if she wanted to join the clan, and be a true Osiro? If she would except their traditions and principle and beliefs, to be her sister in all regards. Ember cried as she said yes. He was accepted into the clan after Kia announced it, she was now with her few clan members. IN that that they were in Heaven. As his duty was over Tan said goodbye to her as he would return back ot earth and the resistance. The war against the Primals was going badly and the resistance was unable to stop the experiments of Minia. Crimi was unable to do anything but only slow her down. What she was doing to people was cruel and evil. She made people focrfuly merge with a Ferali Tool or Beast that was already captured and experimented on. It was a cruel mode and forced merged and she used it on the resistance, The only reason they still stood was due to how fearce Crimi was, she lead them and did all she could to save as many as she could. It was bad even the return of Tan wielding The Stellar Beast It gave them a short-lived sense of hope which quickly died. Soon the world was at the mercy of Toma, he had in all rights captured and stared using human as system to produce warriors. The initial wars which war being waged were ended as many of the world leader aligned under Crimi’s banner for freedom and security for humanity. But the sad reality was that humans with core, were far, far, far superior then those without as they were losing badly, thousands of of people being reported as captured or taken. In that moment they were losing as more that 45% of the human pupulation was under the territory of Toma More. And the primals.

Now we see that after 3 months, within the 3 main camps: 
1. Irane final gets access to Aphexia, who finally removes his Parah, he notes to her how sorry he is for the damage to her, as though he was apologising like a man who didn’t listen to his wife or a better way to say is also as a boy caught by his mother in an act. He said apologies as she fixed him him, he was asleep for a whole Week As Mira took control of the Empire while Irane was healing.
2. Within Orians’s, Zoe was using Enari in his manifested hybrid beast form. She allowed him to fully express his form in a full beast Dragon form, but with more of a beastly dragon, he was more like a massive earth beast now, But at the current state he was about 10 Feet tall in his tall beast form. He moved at terrifying speeds, as Zoe Gave Enari the freedom to move and hunt the tracks of the core. She traveled back to the place were they were captured, back to the place were Fest took place. She was traveling there, and remaining about it. About the last day she saw her mom, the last normal day she ever had. She moved about the ground as Enari stood and pulled Zoe into his large form, He fugged her as Enari said: “You are okay right Zoe… I am hear in the now, the past is gone, but you must be able to grieve, did you ever cry for your mother? For your friends, for your people. For Gair and Cronus. Did you ever make piece, think back to it, to that day. Feel it. As Zoe entered a deep trance, she moved back to that day as though her body was remembered the moment, the first time she used her evolutionary core with Aphaxia then. Zoe hugged Enaria s he hugged her back, She remembered the day, as she remember the feel of Gaia’s very mana, which is all Enari needed. He held her down, instead of rushing. After some time as Zoe finished relieving the day and its horror. Enari told her that he has the scent.” As Zoe thanked him for helping her and being by her side. Enari simply said, well I have no choice, I do love you as a being loves their body, I must ensure you’re okay. Zoe laughed as they started taking where Gaia’s core had traveled, Enari used Zoe’s evolution ability and gave Zoe the ability to sense where Gaia’s mana was like a blood hound. It was completed as she tracked it around to the Ardent house, then to the city of Spirits capital(Update the mape wo we have these new city names). 
3. Ember Joined her family on the Osiro side. As she was showed the was and teaching of the clan. She hid the fact that she had a son with Irane as suggested by Kia, No she was learning and interacting with her family as they watched and looked on at the Minia was creating. 

There was a moment when Ember and Minia met, it was after 4 months since she had arrived. Ember made sure to avoid Minia as much as possible as to the shock of Minia Ember attacked her: “Oh, bitch I wasn’t staying clear of you because I was scared of you, no,its cause I wouldn’t have been able to stop myself.” Ember kept attacked Minia, as she got pushed out. As Ember moved to attack Minia stopped her and showed her that she was far stronger than she was before. Bring her down with her Core’s Life/death-space effect. It felt as though she had control over her very core. As in a moment Minia showed Ember that she had wrapped her in chains that seemed to be bounding her very core. Minia added: “You see I found myself with this tool after removig those 2 children from my body. And ocource they left their little tool implanted in me, the more pain I cause Irane the thicker and more connected and numerous the chains became. She explained as she though trying to make her understand what it ment for that Irane Left The tool with her. She let ember Go and told her that she was smart to not disclose the fact that she has a child and Minia taunted Ember into revealing were Arai was, to which Ember laughed as she congratulated her, only asking about Arai now…: She is busy planing your funeral. But you already know that, you know that Arai is in Orians. We both know that you know so why don’t you ask the real question.  Minia asked then: ‘Fine, what are the true intentions.” Ember laughed a bit at Minia’s genuine confusion as as added: “I don’t know what Arai is planing, but I can assure we need to be ready cause she will attack any day now. In that moment minia laughed she asked if they were friends now, as Ember laughed: “Please don’t act quite, I know you think of me a lowly insect that doesn’t even deserve your attention. Isn’t that what you said to me Minia” Their conflict was stopped by Nex who appeared out of nowhere, she asked them to control themselves and: “If you have time to play around and fight maybe they should stop. IN this moment Minia spoke out to Ember, as she warned her, that Arai will come and when she does, she had better hope her plans will be enough. 

Now Ember was worried, she realised that Arai truly did side with the Ascen, she was worried in all rights. Now she couldn’t rest well. She thought of Hope and of Zoe and of how truly terrifying if would be to be attacked by those three. She thought back at their time, as the academy. At a moment of Arai, showing her and teaching her the principled in a precise and special way to her, as Hope showed her how to use and understood the spell formulas. As she thought to Zoe, to the Apex Predatory, they called. She laughed a bit as she thought of what it would be like to face those 3. She was interested as now she could face them now. 
Ember spend the last few months as a she spend her time with Vesper and Taliya there. She was even closer to Vesper. She noticed their interaction. As she watched how Kia never ever spoke with Vesper. Now Taliya knew because Nex told her that Vesper was in truth her half brother, but she loved her brother, to her he was her other half, but she hated Kia, more then anything because she never showed interested in her son, even when they were alone. They were both children. But in this world children are forced to grow up far too fast. 
Ember was set as an Osiro. After some time she even went and informed Irane of her choice, as he asked her: “I see so I’m assuming you want to alter Juniors last name to from Vane to Osiro?” Ember replied:”No, lets make it ‘Kazemi’, I don’t want the clan, the world to know…” She felt guilty about it, especially when she saw the rage that Taliya had for her sister, but she made her choice, she was still going to be her son mother, but not directly as Irane stated he understood. She didn’t disclose the full reason.
She was now on the Primals side, no she was on the side of her sister, of the Osiro. 


After a few Months(about 8 months)
Now the events taking place are based on the events that took please in those 8 months. As Tan returned to the Earth after escorting Ember, rejoined with Crimi who noted how they didn’t have any way to fight back, or a way to protect their people. Now Toma had enough of Crimi as he was now fully focused on capturing people and making them weapons. Gone was his initial more to attacking from the shadows. Now humanity rallied under Crimi as their only hope. Crimi Night(Light core — harmony-dark core) was seen as the last pillar of humanity. Its last protector. But they were losing. Their biggest issue wasn’t forces but rather the inability to keep everyone safe. They were far to focused on keeping people safe rather then fighting and this was their weakness. Which Toma and Minia fully took advantage of. When Tan returned he offered up a solution to her, as she suggested she speak with Irane Kazemi, and see what kind of deal that they could strike with them. At this point many human leaders where no part of the resistance, which was now called the Force’s of Humanity. As Crimi agreed to speaking to ‘Z’ as they knew him. As Crimi and Tan would have their own talk. Now after the talk and her descision to see if she could arrange something with Irane. Before that day came. There were 2 events that took place in her life besides the war. 

She meet Ember once as she was an enemy now. Crimi was annoyed as Ember dared to ask her a question, on what ‘Z’ true name was as she laughed: “You betray us after we saved you and brought you into our organisation. Then you choose to side with the enemy and believe yourself deserving to ask me for anything? Are you insane?” She refused to tell her that informations. She even told her what name Irane placed on the tombstone but Crimi made sure to not reveal if that name was truly his. After this she would also be asked by Tan if she truly knew, at this point she understood that the name of ‘Z’ had become valuable and desired info. Te her credit she was no fool, nor was she the type of woman to disclose the names of her people and agents. Now Z’ was one of them and she knew the true names of everyone member of the resistance.
After this she took the time after a massive failure and lose of her resources on her part. It was bad, as they lost nearly 10% of the remaining humans. In that operation Ember aided as the Wov and Osiro were ordered by Toma to participate and offer their help. It was now that she excepted that she needed help, she asked Tan to officially request a meeting with Irane. As he did. Irane at this time had been 3 months since he spoke with Arai and set up the peace treaty with Orians. 
Tan brought Crimi to officially meet the myth that was Irane, she had heard so many stories and reports from Tan and Simon. But she never revealed how she felt about him, no one knew what she truly thought. As they walked through the city of paradise she noticed how all the people in the city where in all rights humans as she also noticed how the city was coming back to life. She had the memories of this city from the Primal whose core she obtained. Her memories saw this as a ruined city, a city that Vraka and Selis destroyed in pure joy and happiness, but now the dead city, was again alive with people. The building were being repaired, but not just that, there was true work in there. Crimi could only just marvel at the ancient city and both how futuristic and magical it seemed. There were advance transport system, throughout. The way the city almost felt like a factory brought to life on one side and an armoury on the other. It was clear that Paradise wasn’t a place of peace, but a city of war! As Crimi officially met Irane. Crimi looked at Irane as her first words to him was to speak in private, just them alone! As Irane after consideration agreed to it. As they all left the room, Irane took his sit in his office, the building was the highest point in the city, overlooking all the whole city from the view. 

Crimi spoke out directly: “Is it correct to assume that you don’t know me?” Irane sat down and poured a glass of water for himself and Crimi as he responded: “I know who you are form what Simon, and Tan have told me. And I have my memories of the reports made about you from Toma More when I was asked to kill Miho..., But I’m assuming your asking me if I actually remember you from my past… Sorry to break it to you but I don’t. The man you knew is dead! And what came from him is me!” 
Crime paused for a moment as she spoke as she told him: “I have never revealed it, his past to anyone… would you like to know it? Who he was”? Irane paused as his eyes widened and in a moment as spoke: “is that what you to ask me? Even if you told me, my mind will just everything you say, there is no way I can ever remember him, even if I wanted to, my mind.. my very being will erase it all, Its not that I don’t want to know, its more of I can’t actually now anything about him… So it wouldn’t help even if you told me. It will always be empty, the part of me that knows him, I can never access ” There was a hint of sadness in Irane’s eyes as he said that, As Crimi pulled out a book, she moved and stood behind Irane and asked him to right the name he wrote on the tombstone. Irane was confused by this as he did so, ‘Zyiphor’. IN a moment she stood Behind him and grabbed his hand, with it she made him right a name on the book she had on the cover… she stated: “I heard what happened to you… I hated hearing all about it, To be honest I hate what Miho did, and I can’t blame Ember for the hatred she carries. It was my fault. If I didn’t trust him so much… I’m sorry for everything!” As she added: “You know he was always a coward. After he lost everything, he wanted more than anything to see them again, those he lost. He took on the most dangerous missions and saved so many people. He did it all so he could die and see them. He wanted to die, but he was too much of a coward to do it. We had a joke about how it he was ever placed in the trial he would overcome the coreporial through his fear of death. We use to say his desire for death made him ‘unatrative to death’ and how it would never go for a man as terrified of it…” As she said, she made Irane’s hand hand write on the book, a name: “ I made a promise when I took over, many people don’t want their true names revealed, they choose a new one, to let go and feel like they have a new start. He could never let go...” That was his true name, and in that book is all the information I have on him. I wrote it all down myself… I simply wanted you to have it… I don’t know if it was the right call, know his dead.. and I always burn the books and intel I have gathered from each of my people, but I never burnt this one.” 

Crimi seemed heartbroken as she let Irane’s hand go. A tear feel from his hand, he rubbed his hand over the book cover, feeling the letter’s written as Crimi added: “fell free to do with it as you feel free, that is all I wanted to give you before we spoke!” Irane wiped the tear as he gripped the book harder. It was now a book with ‘Z’ true name, Irane rested his hand on it as he spoke out, in a moment Iris in her form hovered and placed itself on the book, in moment it passed by as the book seemed to now have a magic lock, as a tool format. He lifted his hand with the book, he didn’t look at it as the book was swallowed by Iris: “I’m grateful Crimi, even though I can’t read it and remember the content, I think I would love to at least have it on myself.. Maybe my children will enjoy reading the stories. Well if they’re curious.” Irane smiled as he looked at Crimi, then a larger one came: “Is this your way of buttering me up?” Crimi smiled calmly as she sat down: “No, I just wanted to give it to you. But the effects of me handing it to you, well that’s not on me.” Irane asked again: “So what can The Emperor of Apexia do for you?” Crimi stopped smiling as she explained her situation to him, she explained their losing war and what was the real issue: 
“We can fight all we want, but we can’t keep all the people safe, so I was hoping you would act as a place to keep the humans we saved safe within your Empire.” As Irane looked through and ask: “I can see your issue, but do you understand what you’re asking me, you want me to keep your humans safe within my empire… they will have to live under my law. I will not have them named as my people. But they will have to live under my law, and I can’t promise you to keep them all safe, I really can’t and won’t be held responsible. I will do all I can in power to protect them, but If I had to choose, I would choose my people over your humans… as you understand that, can you accept that?” 
Crimi looked down as she stated: “Fair enough… I completely understand. I Will have my son come here and be the person to lead and keep them in line within your land.” Then Crimi asked after: “tell me, I heard of the true meaning of what an Apexian and a Valariyan within your land… tell me if any of the humans choose to be part of your empire, would you allow it?” Irane looked at her for some time then added: “Anyone who wants to be a member of my Empire, to be a true Apexian, or as a Valariya. 
There is risk Crimi, an Apexian must serve for 10 years as a volunteer to the Valariyan’s then and only then will they be allowed to be a Valariyan, but in truth I want there to be more Apexian then Valariyans in all rights… it just never worked. If a person becomes a Apexian, well it is simply a matter to accepting my as their leader and after some mental checking and they pass, they will be allowed to be one of mine. Even human or any kind. I care not if your an Orian, a Primal or Human. The moment they choose to be an Apexian, well that is that!” 
Crimi seemed to think,, she thought to the city, how it was clear that it was a mixed city. Yes all were in human bodies, but it was clear that he cared and all accepted his rules and decree. Crimi had no choice but to have faith in him. She didn’t reply as in a moment she said; “Thank you, I accept and I am grateful to you.” Irane smiled as he stood up and offered to seal the deal with a hand shake. They shook hands as Irane called a meeting with the leaders he appointed in the city.
They moved to the meeting room as in there was Mira, Pandro, Audis, Criya, Evelyn, Milla, isoke and Jade. They all looked on at Tan and Crimi who also sat down. Irane explained the deal they came through. How they would aid and keep the human safe, but there was more to it, as Irane explained that the people that will come in won’t just be living there for nothing. They will be helpful to the empire and offer their time and service to the empire.: “They will work in the mines and factories, any major work and repairs that are needed, well it is a fair deal indeed.” Evelyn asked directly: “I see so we keep them safe, and they work in return, but will they stay within Paradise?” Irane displayed a golden map made from magic, it showed the current territory of what would be Apexian.

{Major note Earth and Orians are worlds, but Limbo is a dimension in a way, a rift in reality. It isn’t a world but rather it is better to describe it as a realm, (Like we describe heaven or hell). It is impossible to map all of it, and this realm was creating by the ancient Primaordial, as we know the Primals initially lived in the city and area know as Paradise now.}

Now on the map it showed the region they had, it area was in truth far larger than the content of Asai and Africa combined. It was vast with mana causing different weather recondition. Now on the map the center on it was Paradise, the city as to the north south side was the region leading to Heaven, but in-between was the city of Tulla, There were 3 additional points to the North-East - Sentia was located here, and South-West - Ether was the city there. And then to the North was a city called Hades. 
Now Vraka was using Hades as his main base and it was called the city of the Ferali, while Selis was occupying Ether as her home, making it the Home of the Celestials. As Irane added: “We will need alot more land and territory for the millions of people you are planing on bringing and the only place we can go for now is the city and land of Sentia,  It had the largest natural lands and water ways. It was either the Ether and Hades, the only other place which made sense. They had already attacked and cleared of Tulla, now it was time for Sentia as Irane stated that as their next goal. It was always part of the plan but Irane was rushing it. As Evelyn added:”I see so you plan on having them stay there and using it as the main region?” Irane added: Tulla is a goldmine for ancient tech and a place to harvest and transform resources, it had alot of natural mines and resources streams. Now Sentia was the largest flat based region, perfect for farming and occupying million to billions.” The Apexian leaders looked around as finally Criya asked: “Understood, so which one of us are you sending to take the city?” All eyes were now on Irane as he smiled, in a moment Aphexia appeared as a shadowy watery beast with her fangs showing, she seemed like a monster eagerly awaiting its next prey. The whole felts a sharp cold as they looked on at the beast, they felt in danger, as though Aphexia was their predator. As Irane added”: “I will take care of it. Mira will be left in-charge while Me with the aid of Evelyn and Criya.” Eveyln was shocked as she asked why her as Irane simply replied: “Because you ask to many questions. You Evelyn with the aid of the Crimi son who will appear here with the first group of humans in a few weeks time.” Evelyn was annoyed by it but she accepted. As in that moment Irane noted to Crimi: “You can send your son, which the first wave of human in a weeks time. How many people will you be sending?” The room froze as she stated: “About 2 billion people” The room was silent at that number as even Irane paused and after a moment he stated: “I see…” As he ordered Pandro, Milla and Jade to prepare all th needed food and resources, and clothes they can prepared. 

Irane was excited. In truth he was planning got send Mira. But he wanted an excuse to use Aphexia, but more than that, he wanted to finally test out his power and body now the he was finally healed. He moved out with the army he prepared, They marched on as the scouts retuned explaining the situate and the movement of the Ferali there, there was also some Alma too. The city of Sentia was the largest city and now was a ruin but it was still the most stable and easiest place to strike at, but doing this was the same as officially ordering a full scale war. Now Vraka had fully devoted his attention on Selis as she had lost Tulla and was in a weakened position, an advantageous opportunity to weaken and finally end his sister. As he moved on and attacked her. 

Irane looked at the city after disclosing the full plan to Criya who had left with the majority of the army. To prepare to strike from the other side of the city. Evelyn wasn’t there for battle. No more for support as her squad had supplies and where there to rebuild the city and the most important section so that when Pandro’s group arrives they don’t need to start the repairs from scratch. Evelyn asked Irane as they prepared to attack: “Well there are millions of them as anticipated… I know your powerful, but with the man we have, well I don’t see how we can capture this city in a day.” Irane looked on as he stated: “It took Pandro a few months to recapture Tulla, but in truth it rally only took him a few hours. They don’t expect to be attacked. and most of the Ferali are with Vraka attacking Selis. Right now, this is the only real time we can do this. Than in a moment he smiled as he said: “Don’t worry, unlike Tulla, we don’t need to be careful of destroying the city, but it is better to keep it as intact as possible.” Evelyn replied: “Fine but still.” In that moment Irane pulled Iris of Iris handing from his neck as he stated to Evelyn: “I have the perfect tool for this moment.” In a moment Iris spoke: 
“Full activation of the Will set, access to tool Apex! Set” in a moment Iris glowed and took the form of a Katana, the was a brilliant Green, and gold. The blade seemed to be sealed in, almost as though one wasn’t supposed to draw it forth. Evelyn felt strange looking at the blade as Irane stated as he looked at the blade: “With this, I can’t fail! I am not allowed to fail with this sword” Irane actived his will and charged his mana , in a moment Aphexia appeared growing preparing to fight. As Irane was about to move in, he ordered Evelyn to fire all the pre-aimed cannons and make it rain on the enemy. They were all specifically aimed as Irane brought mostly the long rage specialities from Apexia. Criya at the other end of the city with the rest of the unit was ready, as he saw the time for the operation was about to start as some soldiers asked if it was wise for most them to be there, it made sense for them to be there. As Criya added: “We aren’t to directly fight, we are hear to deal with any Ferali and Alma attempting to run, Our orders are to kill them all and only capture the Beasts that seem to have unique and interesting abilities.” He looked at the time ordered them to get ready. Evelyn watched in awe as she and the others watched as Irane ran up on the city, He had this drive fully active now as he thought about the next move, in a moment he made Aphexia appear, as he rushed through the main entrance of the city, He killed all the Ferali and caused a massive explosion drawing them all to him. They surrounded him as they moved in on him. They all surrounded as Aphexia spoke: “I see your very eager to use that blade, don’t forget that I’m also here.” Irane smiled at all the Ferali moving to surround him, there were millions of them. All in beast like forms, of all types of different beast. Primates, Reptiles, Avian and Aquatic beast. Even insects like monster were there, and arachnids too. The city felt like a biome of life, all kind of like as they all surrounded him. A beast in the form of a Lion seemed to appear, it was clear he was the Alpha in the city, He was a Lion form of with a raging main of energy, Fire and Ice seemed to be radiating from him, as his claws appeared and he roared at Irane. The roar was intense as Evelyn and Criya also heard it all. In that moment Irane chuckled to Aphexia(Aph), well what do you think, how long will it take us?” Aph looked around as she said, to evolve to each one, one by one would take to long, and many are quite powerful, it will take far, far to long indeed.” Irane laughed as he prepared to draw the sword, as he said: “You’re a beast from Gaia that evolved from Enari, to be honest, your the only beast I have that came from someone else. So I wanted to show it to you more than any other… You aren’t the same as you used to be. And I wanted you to lean the true level of power you trul have before going back to Zoe.” Aph looked at Irane, and at the blade?” I see, well you are my creator in all rights now, Enari did absorb me and change me, making me like Crono and Dima. So let me go all out.” Irane laughed. Your my evolution: So now let me show you the peak of Perfection, I will push you to the absolute point of evolution. As the Lion beast lunged and pounced at him, Irane smiled as he pulled the blade from its sheath. 

In a moment Aph moved to stop the beast, as it unleashed a roar once again of pure mana and energy into the place he bit Aph, but she simply looked at him, as the Lion widened its eyes, Aph simply swatted him with her claw and they were dead. The Ferali and Alma watching were terrified and shock for a moment. Irane smiled as he looked at the blade and spoke to them all: “Be honour as you will all be cut down: Kazemi’s Principle: Apex!… This blade in all rights is perfect, it is the Apex. In its sheath this blade doesn’t exist and is formless. That is until it is drawn. In all cases my evolution isn’t optional, my body changed and alters based on my surrounding, in all rights that principle exists now in you Aphexia. My power of evolution made flesh, but in order to ensure that I can evolve and adapt to all situation, I needed to be able to not just control my evolution, but be able to deactivate and add a evolution point. My body always resets after some time, discarding an evolutionary path I made and returning to the base. It makes sense as when you’re fight an Primordial being who has access to all 15 elements and able to combine them in many and various different ways, there is no one evolutionary path one can take… My body may discard all the evolutionary additions it makes to me, but it will always remember it. With Apex, I can control my evolution and instead of going through the teadous process of evolving from scratch, I can just move to the final point of that evolution, I can choose and evolve immediately and instantly.” But that is only with my blade. Imagine now what I can doing when I have my body, my concept of Evolution. Aph, you had an evolutionary function. But yours was limited greatly, With Zoe you could only react and evolve to one situation or enemy, Now you will continuously evolve and change without end. Your body will change and evolve to deal with your situation none stop.” 

Now Apex is a blade of perfection. It can cut all things, In my right hand, Apex starts from the very primordial beginning of all things and refines as it keeps being used. In my left hand, it reached the immediate end point, the Apex of its point and depending on the situation, Alex can deal with all situation. But it requires a substantial amount of data which is why I start out by drawing it with my rights hand. Then left. And With Aph here well she will skip all the middles process of Evolution and she will evolve once to be the Apex. In a moment Aph roared as a wave of mana passed through the city. It shock the earth and sky. As Irane moved through the city. The Ferali attacked him. WIth each injury they landed made no difference on Aph as she seemed immune to all their attacks as Irane stated: “I can see all your core, and all you mana configuration. And I can immediately create Apex with them all, in order to cut you all. Now imagine if a being born to evolve, was given the data of all its enemies and their mana types. Well then they could evolve and later their mana to be the Predator to all of you filthy beasts!” He said as he charged in. As he cut them down, he pulled Aph who was moving and killing them all. Slowly evolving and changed as she killed them all. She started to grow, getting wings and claws, moving about to kill them all. They all cried out. They saw a beast consuming them whole. It was terrifying to see as she adapted and evolved more and more as Irane kept moving through the city. He cute more and more Ferali down. In a moment Aph moved closer and Irane smiled as he stated: “All ready, it took some time, but I have all their core types now. It had been an hour as he and Aph were doing around the city fighting, as he moved through he finally sheathed Apex, then with a smile pulled Aphexia and merged her with the blade. He charged up and activated Irane’s Will. Pushing his power to 50% as he drew Apex with his right hand, now until before, it had a solid shape as when a hoard of Ferali were about to tear into him, Aph appeared and ripped them apart. It was terrifying as now, their mana and abilities had nearly no effect. Their strongest attacks simply left scratches on Aph body. She was now the ultimate predator to them all. It was a massacre, as Irane and Aph cut through the Ferali in the city, soon they started to flee outside the city only to be bet with Criya who’s team moved in and attacked all the Ferali who tried to escape. Than Evelyn’s group also fired their long range cannons on the Ferali outside the gates. It was a hellish sight. As in a matter of hours, it was nothing but dead Fearli and a few Alma bodies dead. It was terrifying as Irane sheath Apex and looked on at the horror: “So how did that feel Aph?” He said as she seemed pleased. This was indeed new to her, the energy and power as she smiled and laughed at her own strength only for Irane to add: “That was my strength and the power of Apex. You get your power and energy from Kazemi’s Drive.” He asaid as he revealed that was only the surface of her true power!

They had cleared the city and very few Alma and Ferali escaped. Now Irane didn’t leave the city as within a few days a army of Ferali moved in to take back the city a move Irane expected as he already ensure that the initially defences of the  city were sat. He and his forces destroyed the Ferali who had no real co-ordination. A smart pack of beasts is all they were without an Alpha, a leader to direct them, and they were able to keep them at bay. In a moment Crimi’s son: Terra Night (Earth-Darkness; Harmonic-Darkness) he seemed to be gentle and mild mannered. As he brought the people there. Irane had even paused the full construction on Tuilla and Paradise and focused on Sentia. It was ready for the people. Millions upon millons of people moved to Sentia, as they were fully human. 
The initial group of humans were skilled with knowledge and ability to create and work there to also get the city ready. Irane left everything they would need as he left Evelyn in-charge the main Apexian leader, she was asked to aid Terra and co-ordinate and ensure that the people followed the law, she was also aided by Adri Suin(Water-Wind; Harmonic-Darkness) they were both to ensure that the people were okay, and set. The city was buzzing more and more, as they started many farms in the area. They expended and moved their resources. The area and land were altered and terraformed to grow food and other necessities. 

Now Adri was very skilled with and a great teacher as Irane put her in-charge of the education of the children. Adri was a teacher at Paradise and as one one of the most skilled teachers. She and many others were asked to crate and set up schools to teach and educate the people. Most of the humans who came were children and elderly people. The sick and weak. Many people who in all rights had no business being in war. As Irane ensured they would be safe and set. Nut his action attracted the attention and rage of Vraka who wanted that city back. Not only that Selis also wanted her city of Tulla back. Now over the centuries they both amassed billion upon billions of Ferali and celestials The 4 billion Fearli and Celestials that the Alma and Celestials were just those who were assigned to people. The rest were with the Arke’s. 
[As we stated Vraka and Selis can’t create Ferali and Celestials. They needed to turn Asscen or Primals to make them.] And in the thousands of years that passed they had both gather an unbelievable number of the. Billions on each side, It was clear that they both were competing for Millennium in the arms race. But now their attention was drawn away from each other. As Irane now had their attention. As they both raged. Preparing to destroy Irane.
Irane looked win from Paradise at the horizon as he spoke with Mira and Pandro: “Its time to stop playing around… Lets go to war!”

Now the war that was about to take place between Vraka, Selis and Irane would be called many things, but the name which suck the most was: The Theomachy: War of the Gods’ for the humans there it was all they could do to describe it in that light. The stories and legends born from it are set in the myth and history of Sol-Nexus!


Part 8.2: Primals Vs Orians!

Some time had passed on Orians after Arai had made ‘peace’ With Irane by offering him Nina. Now during this time. Zoe finally found the core of Gaia. But it was unreachable as she found it in a hidden building created by Ardent Clan. The bUilding was a labyrinth and impossible to navigate. But thankfully they had a child of the Ardent on their side as Zoe asked for Hope to help her as she did. Zoe and Hope entered the labyrinth with Assa and Rui. It took a week, but they found and escaped with Gaia’s Core. A fact and realisation that when Tola’s son Tunde, told Aevum(Simon) Made him rage, not only that he found out that Teanza also lost Cronus’s core. But what made this realisation and info more disturbing to him, was the fact that Arai never told him(Simon) About it. He was under the impression that they trusted him, and now to only discover that Arai never told him that she found the cores made it apparent too him that they either had other plans or they didn’t trust him. 
A question made fact clearly as when Simon spoke with Arai, she revealed that they still didn’t have the cores at all. Now the reason Arai didn’t tell him was simple, as we see that Arai was warned by Irane at the island before they departed: Irane spoke plainly with Arai: “Don’t trust Aevum. I can normally tell if a person is lying based on their core, but I can’t pinpoint what lie they told in a long statement or sentence. There is a lot he told me about, but I could tell that there was a lot he was lying about. Simon can’t be fully trusted, so watch you back well.” Irane words to Arai was what made her not fully trust him. She trusted Irane over Simon!” 
Simon understood that Arai didn’t trust her, as when he spoke to Aliya, she also revealed that they didn’t have the cores yet to. It made him panic. As he stayed close still quote watching and observing Arai and the rest of them in their actions. Months passed as Niro moved his efforts to end the Primals. Now Niro assigned Azura Lucern (Weilder of the Erasure beast) to lead the following operation. The assault on Heaven, This would be the first of many strikes that the Orians had planned against the Primals. 
Azura would have a large force, larger than the initial force they used to attack Heaven initially. In this moment Arai, Hope and Zoe were told not to attend the attack. But Aliya, Simon(As a soldier of the Ascen), Assa, Rui, Dio and Leo were sent to participate in the war. 
Its was gonna be a fierce war. As Niro sent Tenza and Tunde. Azura was excited and boastful as he stated how he would killl them all. Initially Aliya wasn’t added into the plan, but she was added at the request of Arai. A move that also made Simon enter the army as a soldier. It was clear that Arai had her own plans. 

Now within Heaven, there had been significant change as all the primals now were all humans, There was no non-human Primal within Heaven, within Toma’s kingdom. The 4 major clans in this time were the More, Wov, Osiro and Consa clans. The clans of Wov and Osiro were included after the fact  within the city. Now of course Toma also had the 5 families on earth(was 6) As Saga was considered his right hand. With the other 4 on earth. 
In the city of Heaven was Toma More, Alex More, Nex Wov and his kids, Kia and Saga. Minia was on earth with the other 4 family leaders. Now Azura knew this well as his spies had informed of all of that. They were about to have a festival, a celebration of their leader of Toma More, a festival he set up to celebrate himself. Now he also did this out of Pride, he wanted the people, the world to know he stood at the top. He was celebrating more then just his rule, but also the fact that most of the Primals chose him over Irane. The fact was to sweet. The moment needed to be celebrated as the people cheered and celebrated. Now Tola sett up a secret network of spacial portals within city, when they first attacked. Even if the path that they used to invade the city was sealed, the path in space still existed and Tunde could access it well. As he did. As the festival was at its peak, as Toma walked forth to address the people, he told them of the hardships that had faced and how he saved them, he was cold and proud of, he named himself their leader, their saviour and they all cheered, millions of voices. Saying his name… 
Suddenly that all stopped when an explosion erupted from the west side. The city and the people screamed out, as the army stated that the Orians forces were on their way from the main gate. As he ordered them to begin the fight and force them back. Now as the city was being assaulted and the people and soldiers armed themselves. Azura moved in with the main force. His plan to was simple and straight forward as he planned to destroy them directly with no hesitation. He was et to not fail as Axola and Nuro failed. At the same time, Tunde took a second force, with Tenza, Dio, Leo, Simon and a handful of other warriors moved to the set up tunnels as they teleported directly into the city. Their mission was to kill Toma. As they moved into the palace where they knew Toma would try and escape from. They all separated into different teams. It was now at this time that Simon learned that Ember was with the Primals now, and that she was in danger. His plan were dead in the water if she died as he moved to find her. As he did, the team of Leo and Dio with some other warriors moved through the palace looking for them. Now the palace was massive as Ember was searching for her sister, she only found Taliya Nex. She took her and ran looking for Nex and Kia on the west side of the palace. IN that time Tenza and Tunde moved through the center of the building where their intel said Toma would be, but it turns out that was false as they were trapped and surrounded by the warriors of Primals being lead by Saga. They were in a tough spot. Now on the East side Simon was shocked his team encountered Toma and Alex with a group of elite warriors with them. 

The moment and shock from Simon ended after they killed the Orians warrior he had. It was clear that this was not going right but Simon smiled as he looked upon Alex and Toma. Simon was injured from the fight as he spoke, his voice now the voice of Aevum: “I really hate having to fight, I really do. Forbidden Art: True-Rebirth. The body of Simon started to change as Toma looked on at the being before him in pure horror. Alex was confused by the look and demeanour of his father as he ordered the warriors to attack, they were some of the best warrior there were. As Aevum spoke: ‘Energy Art: All consuming mana’. Alex and Toma looked on in pure horror and fear as his a wave of energy passed around Aevum and seemed to absorb the mana and than the bodies of all the warriors. Alex screamed at his father for them to leave as Toma(Life/Death-Energy) shocked face altered to pure unadulterated rage! 

In a moment he used his own art: ‘Life/Death-energy Technique: Deathly mana’ a move that made Toma’s mana forcibly force and manipulate mana that was in all rights deadly to all living creatures. They clashed as Toma screamed out: “AEVUM!! YOU PEICE OF FILTH.” His rage was terrifying as they both clashed. Alex looked on at the 2 monsters clashing. It was the first time he saw his father fight. His movements were incredible, but most impressive was the power of his mana. Both wielded Energy class cores and they were monster. All Alex could do was watch as they both turned the easter palace into their war zone. Toma raged with all he could to kill Aevum. His rage was pure and clear. He wanted Aevum’s life, it was clear, as he roared: he used his. 
Toma channeled his mana as he spread his mana around, Aevum simply caused as he left his mana consume Toma’s mana. But that was his plan as he ignited his mana made an explosion, one that destroyed and crashed the whole wing, but Aevum simply stood unhurt. Toma frowned in frustration as she he charged his mana again: “I will end you, I will kill you monster!” He said with venous rage and hatred: Forbidden Life/Death-Energy Art: Living Mana! In a moment his body and his mana raged forth, It changed so intensely that it made the whole Palace shake. His mana was felt throughout. The art made his mana into a similar composion of life-force but in a diluted and weaker state. But it was a forbidden art due to the fate that if the user used all their mana, they bodies would automatically start using the users actual life force. The Art was on that he learned from Mana as a child. As he prepared a second spell: Forbidden Life/Death-Energy : ‘Quantum vacuum’ It was an a move that affected the region of space that his mana was interacting with. Forcing it to a near-zero state, freezing all things in place, prevent any energy from maving or passing. Now the spell normally took a long time to set up but as he used Living Mana, his mana state was from a level 7 to a level 8 now, and that was enough as his mana spread and set all things to a no motion state. It was devastating and destructive. As Toma laughed: “You won’t make it out alive from this, I promise you. I have no idea how your alive, but i won’t let you get away, not after everything… No you will die right here and now. As he moved his mana towards Aevum

 Aevum simply stared at him. As he state: “That enough now… son!” ‘Mana’s Art: Divine Flow’ In a flashing moment all the mana even that of Toma’s enhanced mana became his to command as he forced all the mana in the area to surround and consume Toma… in a moment of calm as an implosion occured at the east palace, only a crater flowing onwards was the bloody body of Toma, hanging in the hands of Aevum. Alex looked on in pure shock. Toma was on the verge of death. His injuries were far too great and his mana was now not flowing according to his will as Aevum held him up. He looked at him and spoke: “You truly are a disappointment… just like the rest of my dependents and children.” Toma was barely breathing as he struggled to speak: “What do you…” Aevum loosened his grip on Toma’s neck as he said: 
“Well I supposed you wouldn’t know about that. There’s so much you don’t know about, isn’t there. Well seeing that it is a father’s duty to educate and discipline their child, I have no choice. I must admit though holding you like this, you really look nothing like your mother, and that’s a damn shame, she was quite beautiful and powerful. She was on a completly different level. Even this weak attempt of an art you tried to use, well it would have been nothing to her. Cith was a queen.” He looked down at Axel as he stated: “Now you… you have her eyes!” He smiled as he looked at him then he looked at Toma: 
“I made a deal with the Arkes to obtain immortality, but it didn’t work out well. I could only move on from 1 body to the next as a spirit. They cursed me, those 2 bastured! Now I can’t even take my original form anymore. I lost my original body, my original core. I had an every unique core you see, a core with a state of Energy-Light-Darkness; Chaotic-Light-Darkness{Update Aevum’s entry} A core state even more rare then a core with a connection to all 15 pillars. But I lost it, I lost my core and my body, and all that remains is this hollow shell. I can take over the body of whoever has a weaker core level than my original one. And I can even push the body I inhabit temporarily to reach my old core state level of 8!” At that Toma and Alex looked at him as though he was insane. A core level of 8 was simply unheard of, no it was more impossible than anything as Aevum added: 
“Yes, and that is why Divine flow worked on you even at your altered state. As my core and mana level was pushed to level 8. I wanted my core back, so I inhabited different people with different core types to try and re-create my old core, while also learning more on the Arke twins and Mana in order to make them pay for lying and deceiving me. Giving me this cursed corse of immortality.” He said with rage and anger, one that seemed impossible to comprehend 
He added: “After the deal I took possession of many people, the first was of course someone you know far to well. Your father Erik!” As Toma;s eyes widened… well of course i choose him, a Primal of all beings. Your mother core and power were unmatched, and of course the simply idea of mixing my blood and power with that of More was a desire I had, one with you don’t have, but your brothers did have indeed. Once I impragnated her with you, I moved on and took over my own son’s body… Dulla Vane, and well, you don’t know this but your mother didn’t die on that day in the battlefield. Now she left you and the Primals and started a life with me.” 
His words made him rage, they made Toma rage as he tried to call him a battered and a lier. As he added: 
“Oh you think I’m lying, Well if you think that, then tell me how would I know that you had a child on Orians and even had a son with named Tan? Or did you forget about him?” Toma looked on in shock, he hadn’t thought of him In what seemed like an eternity as Aevum looked on at Alex after all he had just revealed. 
“Ah yes you had an older brother Alex. Oh and what makes it so much better is that he had his own children. Zoe Navar is your Grandchild, imagine that, you tortured and abused your own child and simply laughed a it. Well anyways, at least your brother weren’t useless, Noxa Nex and Darkki Ardent, oh those children obtained cores of a beatuful nature, to bad they weren’t what I was looking for, but still the fact that my blood poured out and made them, well It was too good of an outcome. 
To be honest with you, I wanted more than anything to have more children with her. To bad she discovered my secret, and well we had a fight and unlike you, your mother was a true monster. She killed me in Dulla’s body. I was able to hunt her down, in a different form and kill her though, it was a lot of work. Do you get it now?”

Tears started to stream down Toma’s face as Aevum laughed at him: “You can kill billions, lie and send your people to hell, feed their cores to Kazemi with no issue. Betray your people for your own good, and yet this is all it truly takes to make you weep. You really are a pathetic little Mama’s body aren’t you.” Aevum laughed as he raised him higher and then stated: “But I must admit, its because of you that I will get all I desire, you have done marvellous work my son… but let us let the next generation take over.” As he snapped Toma’s neck. And dropped him down next to Alex who in tears grabbed his father’s body. Aevum looked ate him as he said: “Make no mistake, I didn’t save you from your fathers attack cause I care about you, my grandchild. I saved you, cause I needed your body. Using my owner and applying the core of the body I inhabit to level 8 in all rights kills the person. So I will take your body as a replacement. I don’t merge with a person, I over-come their will!” As she moved into Alex’s body. 
Now Aevum in Alex’s body laughed as he took all of Alex’s memories in, he stopped laughing after seeing the memory of Irane in Alex’s mind: “Oh, so he really has been busy. I can’t believe that many people left him and came here. And yet he’s still able to match the Orians and force them into a truce. Fools, all of them, Fools! Don’t they realise that killing hm now while his weak is what is needed.” In that moment Alex took Toma’s body as he seemed to run to the West Wing, to find Ember. 


[In the East section] Now as Ember got Taliya. They rushed over to were Nex, Kia and Vesper where. They couldn’t move much as the Palace seemed to be falling apart(From Toma and Aevums fight) It was intense. Now in the West wing. We need to understand. 
Now Vesper didn’t know the truth about who his mother was{Fix this in the story if I stated he did} And only after over hearing a conversation Nex and Kia were having interrupted them as he heard them talking about how he was Kia’s son. He was shocked. Shocked beyond belief. As Kia explained everything from her own mouth. She explained the laws that forced her hand, and how love and the law don’t matter. She told him how much she enjoyed watching him grow even from the sides had been. She watched him closely and Nex gave her constant updates on him. He was so happy to finally hear it, and finally from his mother, but that moment was ended with the assault. Now they were trapped in a sealed Room in the Palace. In a moment person appeared. They seemed to have just appeared from thin air. It was Aliya, who wore a special mask and outfit to hide both her mana and face, no one could tell who this person was. Now Aliya stared at them for some time as she stated: “Nex Wov and Kia Osiro…” Aliya didn’t finish her sentence as pulse of Fire rushed towards her from Nex which she dodged and as she was moving out the way a burst of wind pushed the flames towards her, as Kia used wind to redirect the flames. It was clear that they weren’t in the mood to talk, as Aliya simply walked through the flames as though they weren’t there. Nex and Kia looked stunned. It was clear that this foe was to dangerous. As Kia moved Vesper behind her. Then Nex screamed out: “You choose the wrong people to target!” ‘Flame-Water Magic: Scorching sea’ A massive wave of water rushed forward, it was boiling how, far to hot as it set all flammable objects in the room on fire, the room was not filled with boiling water. Now Kia used her mana to cool the water and freeze it around them. Vesper was terrifying, as Kia moved him to the corner to hide and place an Ice-shell around him make of pure energy and mana. She said softly: “I love you!” As she left. 

Aliya was on the upper section of the wall looking down. Her mission was 2 fold as she recalled Arai telling her assignment. She took a breath as Nex screamed out: “Why are you here? What is your goal.” Aliya looked down as she saw Kia retuning and standing next to Nex as she replied: “To Kill you of-course” As she dropped from the ceiling, Kia laughed as she charged her mana: ‘Energy-Ice-Wind Art: “Negative Degree” As orb appeared. They each expanded in different mana intensity as Aliya notices how the water seemed to freeze alot quicker around some on the orbs. She moved in as Kia launched them at her, they expanded and became larger when they were close to her. And she noticed that the tempreture of each orb changes at what seemed random. This was rough to navigate as in moment Nex added: ‘Nature-Fire-Water Art: “Boiling swamp forecast’ as the water seemed to chnage and roots and tresses formed making it hard to move as each tree was streaming with the boing water, They were impossible to touch, they grow and started to cover the whole room as the orbs made by Kia hounded Aliya. She was doing all she could to evade all in her path. 

It was impossible to deal with them all as she stated getting over powered as Aliya adds: “There attacking me me with both physical and mana formed constructs, I can only pass though either physical objects or Mana constructs, I can’t pass both. This is the worst case. They don’t about my ability. It’s just my luck that they work so well together…” As in an orb was bout to strike her as she turned intangible, but the trees moved in to attack. She seemed to have been crushed against the wall. Only for a second tree to expend from her and push back on the trees and Aliya notes: “A little close don’t you think Soul?” As soul appeared in the form of Valariya as she stated: “Well I didn’t think you would beed me for this one, but you know I got you.” Nex and Kia looked on as they saw Soul as Nex added: “Ah so your a Alma, good to know… you guys have always been to direct with combat, I wonder if Azen has finally trained a good warrior instead of a monster.”
Aliya stared back as she fell and landed, in that moment she looked at them and stated: “Apologies to disappoint but I am no Alma!” As she moved her head up and looked at them: I am in all respects nothing more than a Soul!” As she activated Irane’s Will: Logos. He mana streamed out as she Soul altered in form. Soul now looked like a spirited versin(We could say the mental version of Arai in Irane’s mind”) A pulse of Lighting flowed through as Logo moved to stand behind Aliya… Her mana was for to intense as the electricity streamed. Logos looked on as she took of All Aliya’s knowledge in a moment there was a set of what’s seemed like lighting three path showing forward, each break of lighting was a plan. A point to reach the objective. But what Logo’s does is make the individual want to be Perfect, to achieve something or their Goal in the most perfect manner possible, This was Irane’s mind set on perfection, as Aliya made her choice from the options, from the plans that came from her very own mind, She looked forward at them. As she moved to execute her plan perfectly. 

[Now unlike in the Orexis form, Aliya only has access to Lighting and Time magics now. She didn’t have the ability to manifest any copies/souls of cores as now met the criteria of Light or Time magic. Valariya and nevir didn’t have it. In a moment Aliya smiled, her plan was flawless from her perspective. Logos used her, (Note she can only use up to 35% of Kazemi’s will!!) 
Aliya charged her mana as lighting pulsed though around her, ‘Electrict Magic: Electric Clones’ As 2 version of Aliya’s form appeared next to her, in a moment that all scattered moving through the room. Nex noted how she was trying to confuse them, and how they needed to keep an eye on the real body. In a moment they all collided into one as Aliya sent a pulse of electricity throughout. Nex used his trees to block it, then Kia noticed that Aliya separated with the clones now there was 4 lighting streamed jumping around the room. She was fast, even a momentary lose of concentration would spell defeat for them as they focused on her true form. Then in a sudden moment Kia noticed how one of the lighting streams was aiming for Vesper, as she in a rush and worried moved as fast as she could to stop it, believing Aliya was going to kill Vesper as she sent all her energy ice orbs to stop it. As Nex screamed to her that is was a trap. A fact that she realised to late as Aliya suddenly appeared before Kia: “You know, emotions are a weakness!” As she collided all the lifting in the room to her left fist and punched: ‘Electric Art - Thunder Bolt’(Same as Arai’s Art) A plus and burst of Lighting burst forth forcing her back as she passed though the threes of Nex, He moved his trees and caught her body, and moved his boiling hot trees to cover them as Aliya simply ran right through them making a B-line to Nex as she passed ran through the trees and them. As Nex had Kia in his arms she moved with untraceable speed, As she swung her electric covered hand as cut Nex’s head, in the same arc she also took the head of Kia.
Vesper looked on in pure horror as he was watched his parents headless bodies hit the ground. In a moment he rushed in crying in a stream of tears, as he charged up his mana in pulse of Electric energy, in his rage he lunged and tried to hit Aliya, it was futile as she simply stopped his attack with her right hand. Then she used her own electricity to paralyse Vesper as he feel to the ground right in front of his parents bodies. He was still able to look at Aliya, whose covered face and form only made him angrier as he insulted her, calling her a monster, a disgusting monster, a murderer. An Evil witch to scared to show her face, a pure coward!!” He rage and spit at her as she simply squatted down and looked him the face, she spoke, her voice a gentle voice, the voice of a girl passed through which caught Vesper by surprise: “You really should think before you act. Running in with pure blind emotions will only get you killed. Just like it got your parents killed! Don’t be ruled by emotions… Be better than that!” 
“ As he looked and questioned what was going on. Aliya stood up as she took the heads of Nex and Kia as she started to walk away. Vesper called out to her as he stated he would kill her, she looked back as she stated: “Looking forward to it, make sure you aren’t and you use your head,  otherwise you might also find yourself Headless like your parents the next time” As she said that he passed out. After some time he woke up with 2 orbs In his hands, 
He looked down to see they were what seemed like orbs, he felt a faint charge through them, he couldn’t believe it, as it was clear through his blood of both Wov and Osiro that these cores where speaking to him, calling to him, to his very blood to be awaked, they were the cores of Cronus and Gaia, the cores of his clans Ultimate Tool and Beast.
He didn’t understand as the building and the room started to come down, in a moment Ember with Taliya came into the room as they saw him, and took, he screamed out that they needed to get their bodies, but Ember would allow it as she dragged him out, in a moment she meet up with Alex as he had Toma’s lifeless body on his back. 

They all escaped the palace and teleported to Earth. Now the assault on Heave carried on as Azura moved his forces in destroying the city. But majority of the people had escaped to earth thanks to a system set up by Minia, as network of portals that would only allow humans to pass through, majority of the city escaped that day. But Azura assumed he liked them all as he blow up sections of the city, during it all down to the ground as he laughed at it, it was boastful to him. Heaven Burned down. 

The people of Heaven who are now on Earth, It was clear that this was only the beginning as they got the news that Toma More, was dead! It sent shockwaves through their society. They were no started to infighting and disorder spread. The man who held them all together was and not only that they also soon learned that Nex and Kia were also fed, which sent even more disorders among the people. It was started to get chaotic… 
Now as Vesper recovered and made peace with the situation he spoke with Ember and this sister Taliya as he explained what occurred and how his parents died. He blamed himself and that clear, for being to weak, and for not being of any help. He felt the guilt of it all as he thought of Kia trying to protect him. He was drenched in tears and sorrow as Ember stated: “There is only one person I can think of who fights in that way, Aliya Nexal the child of Arai Nexal. (Now it is to be noted that Aliya changed her last name to Nexal, to both ensure that there was no obvious connection to the name Valariya Hallow, and to be in a way Arai’s daughter in Orians. NB!)
Ember explained that she was the child of Arai Nexal. The fact that Vesper now had a name made him stop crying instead his mind moved from sorrow to rage, a rage that now had a target. He wanted her dead. After some time, he calmed down as he revealed the orbs to Evelyn and Taliya. 
Taliya looked on pure shock. The clans sacred artefacts. Taliya could feel the the core of Gaia calling to her, as Ember felt the pull from Cronus’s core. For her it was strange hearing and feeling it. Wov handed the cores to them: “When I woke up they were in my hands, I don’t understand… I think that the warrio… now Aliya, she gave them to me. She told me to think before I act. You too are the leaders now, Taliya you are our fathers oldest daughter, it is in all right your birthright to lead, so this core is your, while Ember your sister was the leader, now it is your turn. Your time has come to lead the Osiro.” Now the questioned moved to what they should do, they didn’t know anything about the cores, and they didn’t want to return to Orians to learn the truth about how the cores functioned. They could hear their voices, their mana calling through to them, but that was all. The three resolved to get revenge. The Wov and Osiro clans were always mistreated in Orians anyways. But now with their tools, they could maybe even the odds finally. They could finally stand to the Alma and Spirits and equipment their people with Tools and Beasts. They just needed to find a way to reawaken the cores. They all made their choice to fight against the Orians. They all went and spoke to Alex and Minia. Now at this time, Alex(Aevum) wanted Ember more than anything. As they came to him and informed him of the plan and the fact they had the corers. In truth they wanted to ask Minia for her assistance in fully awakening the cores. A point that Alex made was that Minia know as much as they did, even less on the Primordial Cores. But he stated: “There is one being, one person in this world who has a primordial core who could assist us.” Ember and Minia both looked annoyed and shocked at his suggestion as Minia asked: “And why would he help us. If I’m not incorrect he has a peace treaty with the Orians.” Alex than added: “True but as we have recently foud out, he also has a peace treaty and an alliance with the humans to. Not just that but he also stated that he allow any Primal to join his empire with what is now 4 years. It’s clear that he has no real desire to help anyone, he is an emperor and all his actions point to his he only cares about his empire. He won’t get involved with them at all.” 
Ember and Minia looked discouraged, as Vesper added: “It doesn’t matter, all we need to do is ask and see what he wants, if he won’t help than we will find a different way!” His statement was sharp and direct. Now Taliya also agree to ask Irane, but her reasons where different. In truth she was a believer in all rights in legend of Kazemi. In the story of Sofia. She loved it, and as she grew up in Heaven among the Primals she learned of him. She never went to paradise cause she had her people. She was the next head of the clan, she couldn’t just abandon all that she had and go there. She had seen and spoken to him once as he was in the control of Minia at the time. He told her that she was one of his people, the champions people, and that he would be honoured to have her as part of his army.” She was overjoyed to hear that at the time years ago. 

Now they thought of what to offer as Alex(Aevum thought back to how Arai obtained a peace treaty by offering her own sister. He knew that as he looked at Ember) there is a way, and you know it well Ember.) I know you have a child with him, and im assuming that child is there? Minia looked on as she knew it well also. He made a plan to ensure that his plan would work. Now for their plan to work, Ember would have to become the leader of the Osiro, as the elders of the clan spoke of how she must first bare a child to ensure that she can preserve the clan, they wanted to ensure the success and future of the clan, this was all set up by Alex as to force Ember to have his child. Of course after some time and deliberation, she agreed and said she would have a child with Alex, who was the current leader of the Primals. This act would ensure the future of the clan within the Primals. Now the Wov clan had no such issues. They knew that Taliya had full right to lead the clan. As supported by her brother, They made no demands of her. No they accepted her directly. 
Now a month had passed as Ember did fall pregnant with Alex’s children. Ans when this was discovered she was set immediately as the clan leader. Now we must note that within that month for the Primals was initially chaos until Alex stepped up and lead them. He was so different from his old manner that many found it shocking he. His first words to the Primals was not a demand, no it was a promise. He wasn’t going to be like his father.: “No, I will not thrive to be like my father, instead I will thrive to be like the champion, I will be your champion, if you would do me the honour to be my people!” He made sure to use the same words as 8 would have used. He was crafty to hit them right where ehe knew it would land and this was what shocked the people more then anything as they all relayed behind him. Alex was a force of nature now, but he did all he needed to gain the full support of the Primals. He ordered Minia to prepare for the war to come, naming her the grand general of the war. She was smart, reliable and most importantly, she had no morals about doing the worst things and committing the needed atrocities, but also he knew she was the only one capable of competing with Arai in terms of intelligence and skill. He then ordered Ember, and Taliya as the the leaders of their clans to go to Irane and to see if they could find a way to re-activate the cores of Gaia and Cronus as they would be invaluable assets in the war. It wasn’t disclosed to the people as to why they were going, only that they were going to find a way to even the odds. Vesper was told to and protected Taliya, while Saga was sent to be Embers guard. Minia did ask Alex why he didn’t go with them, as he stated: “There’s more important work to be done here and I’m not interested in telling my sister that our father is dead.” That was what he said but the truth was he was concerned that Irane would notice that he was Simon. He knew Irane could see into peoples cores and he didn’t want him to discover his secret and power. 

As Ember, Taliya, Vesper and Saga arrived in Heaven. It had been some months since Ember had been there, Taliya and Vesper only saw paradise once when they were younger before people retuned to the place. They were all stunned to see just how different the city was. It was a marvel of what seemed like futurist and ancient technology. The city almost operated on the mana of the people there. The city was still being altered and there were still alot of work and construction taking place. From the limited view they had on the city it was clear that this was not the same Paradise that Ember knew, as she was so shocked to see how different it was. The walls around the city were gone as it seemed alot of open. Vesper looked on with the same reaction as Saga, amazement but they didn’t show much of their shock. Now Taliya was in awe of it all. She was beyond excited as she called the city, a work in progress, a Paradise in the making. That working would stick indeed as Aura was the one asked to come and show them to the Palace. Ember was sure she remembered the place, but now it truly did look complete different. The palace was at the highest point as well as the main hub where all people seemed to pass in order to move to any location in the city. It was the beating heart of the city. As it seems it was still being renovated and improved still, despite it grander and set display. 

They all entered into the throne room. The room was massive with major decorations and elaborate designs of the whole room. They all looked forward to see Irane sitting on his throne. It was pure and golden with the 10 colors of his hair also adding to the intricate design. Ember noted that it must have been designed my Milla, she was always over the top. But more than that, the object behind the throne drew their attention, as a massive model of the Flag and its beasts were set behind the throne, It was massive in the size of it. It was clear the throne room was made this massive, simply to accommodate that object, that symbol of the Empire. They looked on as Irane sat on his throne looking at them. As Audis was about to introduce them Ember interrupted as she spoke directly: “You already know me so why don’t we save the pleasantries. In that moment Hope spoke in a serious and angry tone, he eyes seemed red with rage: “We may know you Ember, but we are unfamiliar with the 3 with you.” Ember was still bitter about Irane stating that he didn’t really need her when she left, but Mira was in no mood. Irane simply stared as Taliya spoke: “Forgive us for our behaviour, Ember didn’t mean any disrespect by it. I am Taliya Wov, current head of the Wov clan with me is my younger brother Vesper Wov, and the man next to Ember is the Saga Ouranos head of the Ouranos clan. We are honour to meet you. In a moment Audis continued as he introduced those in the room: Mira, Aura and Nina Those 3 were the only one there along side Audis and Milla where there to. Irane asked them himself: “What can I do for you Ember Osiro, Taliya Wov?” There was a brief moment of silence from them as they looked at each other. In a moment Ember spoke, she approached Irane as she stated: “I’m sure your aware of the assault on Heaven, we have come to ask for assistance…” Irane cut her off: “Before you continue I want to make it clear.. I have no interest in the war between the Orians and the Primals, so if you came her to ask me to fight for you or aid in terms of my army, well then I suggest you turn around and leave right now.” Ember looked down for a moment, then she pulled the Core of Cronus before Irane as she spoke: “We didn’t come to ask for your aid in fighting on our side, We came to ask you help in fully awakening these cores” As Taliya also stepped forward as she presented Gaia’s core as she spoke: “These cores, they were the sacred treasure of the Wov and Osiro, I believe you would now about it, about how to awaken them as you have a primordial core yourself…” there was movement in the room as the Apexian’s there looked on and whispered among themselves. Irane gestured to Mira and Aura as they went down and took the cores and presented them to Irane. He looked at them as in a moment they started to glow and shine near him, the seemed to react to the core of Kazemi within Irane. Irane than asked:
“You’re not making any real sense, all you need do is simply connect to them as you have, so what do you need from me?” Taliya added: “The normal way will take forever to fully re-active them, it would take a life-time for them to return to their former glory and power, even longer for them to be of use in all rights. We need help in fully awakening them at once, Lord Kazemi.” There was a bit on noise as Irane then asked: “I see, and why should I help you exactly?” There was silence as Vesper spoke up with rage: “This war has taken alot from me, from us, we need the power to stand a chance, and I need the power to end and kill Arai and Aliya Nexal for taking the lives of my parents!” His rage was felt through the room as Nina reacted the most as her eyes widened a lot. She was shocked for a moment then calmed down, as Irane added: “That sounds all good and all, but again I see no real reason to help you? What’d o I gain from all this” 
There was a silence from Vesper as Ember clenched her fist, she noted what Alex told her, about the price as she stated out right: “You’ll help us because you own me!” 

There a pause in the room as they all looked at Ember, she looked Irane in the eyes as she added: “You own me for putting your son inside of me without my consent, for all you did to me and the suffering it brought me, I carry him for over 5 years inside my body, and it nearly drove me crazy. I can still hear it you know, when I sleep I can still hear your designs echoing and puling on my very core. You will help us because you own me!” Ember’s eyes seemed to be burnt with a raging fire. Irane leaned back on his throne. He took a breath in as he then stood up and walked towards Ember and Taliya. He spoke with no hesitation: “I have no excuse for what I did to you, I won’t blame it on anyone but myself. So in that regard, I will help you… But I do want you to understand, after this we are clear and done.” Ember nodded as he extended his hands to Ember and Taliya, he asked for their hands as when they placed them on his hands, he pricked them and drew some of their blood and mana into 2 small sphere shapes.  
He moved back to his throne as Iris moved from neck into the sky, then Aphexia also appeared right behind Irane, she appeared as massive terrifying monster, as all 4 of them stepped back in shock at her sight. Irane than stated: “1 month, that is how long it will take for me to complete their reawakening.” In his mind Irane noted: “It would have taken about 2 weeks but as Enari isn’t here it will take longer indeed.” As Taliya bowed low and thanked him. Irane added: “You are free to stay within the city for that time, but you will be watched and monitored at all times. Note that you will be welcomed as delegates of the Primals.” Im a moment Irane floated the core and blood/mana of Taliya as Aphexia consumed them both, at the same time, the blood-mana of Ember and the core of Cronus were pulled into Iris. As they thanked him Irane asked Ember: “So, do you want to see your son, I’m sure he’d be happy to see you, and hear all about this twins growing inside you?” There was an awkward silence as Irane looked at ember with a straight face, Ember frowned in annoyance at his comment as she simply asked to see her child. Irane excused me. 
After they all Irane left to his office where only Mira was there. In the room Mira stated: “It seems the plan is in full effect now?” Irane nodded as he added: “Moving on you will be in-charge of the 1st squad, I will remain here. I won’t be able to be on any use for the next month, creating a beast and Tool from a Primordial will take a lot of time and concentration.” 

Mira paused for a moment as she asked: “I’m curious, how do you even create a Tool or Beast? Back on Orians, we as the Ascen where told they were evil things, pointless additions that only weakened a person…” 
Irane pondered for moment as to how best to explain it, it was the first time someone had asked him that and it wasn’t an easy question to answer: 
“It a bit hard to get, but I don’t make the tools or Beasts, Enari and Iris make them, in a way you could say that Iris is like Cronus and Selis, in that she can make tools, while Enari is like Vraka and Gaia, in that he can make beasts but there a fundamental difference in how all three of us works but all it really boils down to is Force and Aura. The two main components of mana and how we manipulate that mode: 
1. Vraka and Selis — They can’t create a core from nothing, they need to forcibly alter a core, and make the Ascen or Primals into a Ferali or a Celestial. But in truth what their doing on consuming their cores and making them a part of themselves, you can imagine Ferali as the physical manafestation of Vraka, or a cell of his with its one life and will but altered at the core. The old Coreporial being used to make the Beast or Tool is in a way erased. A Ferali or Celestial will not act like a person anymore, they may be able to think, but in truth they have no real free will. They will obey the Alma or Spirit without question. And like a normal being, they can have Ferali or Celestials mate and have more Ferali or Celestials, But that process that years, that why they take the easy way and just alter and capture more Ascen or Primals, basically beings with a 50/50 slit in their mana. But they can’t create one from scratch, so when an Alma is born for example, Vraka will assign a beast to them with the same core type, but that doesn’t mean they are the best beast for that person, it may look like it from the start but the person needs to change their way of fitting, in a way change the way their cores are set to accommodate and fight with that beast, same goes for the spirits
2. Gaia and Cronus — now they are different in the fact that instead of taking a core and making it into a beast, they create them from scratch. They start creating a Beast or a Tool wholly based on the core of the person. That make a Beast or a Tool from the base, which again can take years to do, but that is worth it as that individual will have a Being who is attune to them from birth till the end. Now As they take their time to make the beast based on the core The beast or Tool will be directly a perfect match to that persons core ability, a wonderful example is your sister Hope, her tool from Cronus was the The Reach,  a blade perfectly made for her core, one with a space-energy core power that was built from her core. And even Aphexia is the same, she had Zoe’s evolution ability from her core and it extends from that. They make them from scratch and the beast of tool will be more of extension of that person then an addition. 
3. Enari and Iris — now Iris and Enari are a lot more complex! They don’t make Tools or beast for a specific person, they make a tool or beast all based on my cores! For example your constraint, it was initially created to simply channel your emotions into energy. That isn’t a normal ability, I mean think about it, your core is Energy typed yes and I gave you a tool that can channel your emotions to make energy. Now in terms of initial build Constraint was never ment to channel my emotions, I simply used it in the lab and extended and made it bound to my emotions. 

Now when you look at your power, Emo for example, and compare it Winter for example, what do you think the difference is? It’s the class of core that he comes from. Now when I was fighting in the trail, everytime I died, I re-awoke with a new proto-core within my cells. All of my cells were slowly altered and changed. In all rights in terms of genetics, I am no longer a human. You won’t find a trace of human DNA in me, all of my cells have cores, not nucleases. They are in a way copies of my main core. That I only got when I finished the trail. But before that I needed to find a way to create cores. Which is what my body did, My bodies ability to evolve comes from my Sexual organs, which have been redesigned to create new cells for my body, more evolved and updated cells. But that ments I needed to destroy my ability to create sperm, instead of create the next version of me, I made it create new cores and cells that would take over the place of damaged cells. When a cell of mine is destroyed, the core within the cell is sent to my universe, my core and it will be placed in the new cell with a new evolved mana requirements. Well to make a long story short, I kept 20 specific core made from the last bit of my true genetic material. I can create cores, but only a limited number of 20 cores that are more extension of me. Your Core for example, was created to be what holds my emotions, Aliya’s was made to store my soul’s info, Dokia core was made to store my deaths, Pandro to store my spells and Urial’s core to store my techniques. The cores of my Will, and the 5 command cores of my mind, heart, body, Left and right arm, are different story, I made them to specifically store external mana, 3 were made from the mana of Arai, Hope and Zoe. While Summari and Nighla were made form the mana I was obtaining from Kazemi in the trail. Which is what makes them all unique and directly connected me. My actual body, your core’s the cores my will are stored in Iris. Now as I was saying there is a class to this, the 20 cores I made to be extension of the power are very unique in that they can take up a form on their own, when I healed Arai, Hope and Zoe, I simply added the beasts of Crono, Dima and Aphexia to them, those 3 are extension and manifestation of my actual being. Made from Enari, like Emo to. Now Winder and Bearisal are made to accommodate my normal cells, not my main 20 cells. So in terms of class they are just below you and emo, Bearasil power will never come to reach your cores power. I can only make tool or weapon for one of my cores, so when Criya set the contract with me, I gave him a hybrid beast/tool and he gave me his core, his core by all rights was mine so Iris and Enari could make a tool or beast from it, but the tool and beast I make a also specific to the core their made from. I have million of what I consider class 2 weapons and tools, what you have Mira is class 1 tool and beast. One designed for a core directly connected to my main core. 
All the Valariyan’s gave me their cores, I only haven’t really take them as I don’t have Enari, once I do, they will all according to Enari and Iris get a tool or a weapon, or both… 

Mira paused at all the info as shed asked: “I get the most of it, but now begs the question… how will you make Gaia and Cronus’s full forms?” Irane added: “That where class 0 Tools or Beast live, its a new class of Tool/beast that directly link to my core. My Tools like Domination are just that tools, but I can add and use them with a beast, they are designed to evolve and add additions from my other main 20, its why Aliya was able to wield Dokia’s core ands power. You Mira could also wield Aliya’s spirts, or Pandro’s Spells If you wanted, you could even use Dima or Temper(Hopes current weapon) if you wished. Now class 0 is a new class that. There was a blade I used to defeat and beat Enari, a special Tool.” As he said that Iris hovered over as showed the 2 weapons, the ones that formed into the blade that killed Enari. As Irane continued: “I can make tools that will host specific cores, All im doing ti creating the perfect forms of them(Note that Empiric class weapons are all level 0 class weapons). They are on a different class than even your tool. It will take a month but I will form the bodies and forms of their cores cause I can already create tools or beasts that can take in a Primordial cores, like my core of Kazemi. 

Mira took it all as she realised even more how insane the life of the man no of the being before her was. He spoke of something so insane like it was nothing as Irane added: “Well it is a complex process that took me over 88 millions years to master. After all I am the master of Cores, there is nothing about a core that I don’t know!” 
In a moment there was knock at the door as an Aura came in Taliya, who seemed really nervous as Aura nudged Taliya forward. It seems they were together this whole time as Aura spoke up: “Sorry to bother, but Taliya has a request..” It was clear that Aura dragged her here by force in some way as Taliya just looked down fidgeting as Aura again told to ask, Taliya in a nervous voice spoke up: “Lord Kazemi… Sorry to botehr you but Aura said it was okay, well she dragged me here…” Aura added: “Come on just ask!” Tailya clenched her fist as she bowed her head and said in a squeaky broken voice: “Apologies I wanted to ask if you could teach me about using a Beast…” there was silence in the room for a moment, than Taliya spoke out again: “You see, we as a clan always have training and sessions on how to use the core of Gaia, but I never got that training from my father as he never held Gaia before, he know the basics but I don’t know how to really use one, so I old Aura and she simply dragged me here sayng to ask you, I know this is a horrible request to ask, for and I know your a very busy man and I didn’t want to be a bother…” She kept mumbling on for some time, until Mira suddenly started to laugh in amusement, it was Irane’s emotions as he was struggling to not laugh as only a gentle smile appeared on his face, a smile Taliya noted as she looked up Mira’s laughter. In a moment Mira stopped as she looked at Irane in annoyance and joy, Irane smiled as he leaned back on his chair: 
“Sure, I don’t mind teaching you a thing or two, I will be in the city for the next month anyways as I am creating the bodies of Father Time and Mother Nature, So I truly don’t mind. Aura make sure you show her my personal trainig room, in 2 days time, you can come and I will teach you as much as I can!” Taliya smiled in gratitude as Aura gave a ‘told you so’ stare as she stated: “See, all you needed to do was ask, he wouldn’t eat you.” Taliya hugged Aura and thanked her as they left the room. As they left Mira laughed again, IN a moment Mira asked: 
“Are you sure, I mean she is going to use Gaia to fight against Arai, Hope, Zoe and the others on Orians?” Irane shrugged his shoulders: “Clearly Arai has her own plans seeing as she asked Aliya to kill the old leaders… I don’t know what it is, but its clear that she wanted the next generation to wield them, and not the older one. Besides, I think Zoe would love to Gaia once again, don’t you agree Aph?” Aphexia appeared as she looked down on Irane: “Indeed, I may have been altered and evolved from Enari, but I must admit, I have a lot of excitment over being the one to carry Gaia’s new form and return her back.” Irane smiled as he added: “Good, but I wouldn’t be to excited, they won’t be the same as you remember them Aph, they will be far better. With the blood of Ember and Tailya, I can tap directly into the first users Adam and Eve’s main blood and pull from it the needed components to make them better then before. And this will also allow me to finally understand how to seal Vraka and Selis…” 
Irane had an excited smile on his face as even Mira felt it deeply, his excitment at the challenge, to remake and upgrade Father Time and Mother Nature was for to interesting a tasks to not be excited at. 

In the month that passed Ember stayed mostly spending time with Junior as she was with Saga the whole time. His task was to keep her safe and secure at all times, while Vesper was allowed to access the training halls, the main military school to learn on combat, spells and Arts. He was fully devoted to his cause as he requested to join the program specifically ran by Mira, the highest level there was. Mira allowed it… it broke the rules, but she didn’t care, in truth she wanted to make him stronger, to make him a skilled warrior that could give Aliya a run for her money in battle. Now Taliya was the only one training with Irane directly. Learning on how to use a beast. Now within that month what would feel like a year training would pass as in the training room was synced to his universe, so time worked differently. IN truth it took a year with his universe as only a month passed for him to finish forging the new form of Father Time, and growing Mother Natures tree form. But he went further then that as he remade the bodies of Adam and Eve from the DNA obtained from Ember and Taliya to upgrade them and make them far superior then before, but he also wanted too test out and figure out perfect way to ensure that the seal on Vraka and Selis he was designing from Arai’s initial seal was perfected. Taliya would train there with Aura, Jade and Nina. It was an interesting time for her as Irane showed her the ropes of using a tool and manipulating her Mana-Aura as that was the bases of all beasts. In that time, Irane and Ember didn’t interact much, having passing glances within the month. He didn’t ask her anything of her person life or why or who the child she was carry was from. In truth as he would explain to her, he in all rights didn’t really care. All he cared about was the fact that she was okay, as the mother of her child. It nagged on her, actually it truly burned her as she asked him what he would do if she killed Arai, Hope or Zoe in the war and what he would do. Irane simply smiled as he stated: “This is war, and they choose the side they wanted to fight on, they can quite and come back whenever they want. And if they died, well that would hurt him, but he wouldn’t be to broken over it, after all they were at war. He even stated to her: “Be careful you don’t die either!” He said coldly. Ember noticed how he was dead serious on this point. He accepted that this was war. That people were going to die, And that was okay in all rights. 

Now after the month had passes Irane would have a chance to converse with the spirits within the cores, the reincarnated cores of Gaia and Cronus who were shocked to see the core of Kazemi within a human. More than anything they were shocked to hear what the trail had made, as they both accepted the reality. They noticed how their new forms were different, it was clear to them that Irane had modified their bodies in a way as he would reveal that he was able to ensure that they could create and set the beasts far quicker then before. It would now take a month to complete the creation of the cores as he revealed that he tied them to a different dimensional space, apart from his universe, as he showed how he allowed them to create the Tools and Beasts within his universe and that process which took months was now down to simply 1. They wouldn’t need to take a very long time to make the ‘desired beats or tool’. They were both grateful to him as they both looked at him and offered him a special gift. It was the final piece needed for him to complete the full creation of his in-progress class 0 tools. They offered him the necessary piece to truly make them his apex weapons. The most powerful tools he could theoretically call on. Irane was grateful as he stated that he would be completing his initial assignment and dealing with Vraka and Selis, and that they should go back to their purpose of making True tools and beasts to rival this eof Vraka and Selis. He explained the war to them and his goals, his true goals and the major rolls they played in it. He didn’t hide the fact that he look at how they fully sent and funtioned as he stated plainly: 
“I promise the both of you latest one very important thing. I will make them pay, Vraka and Selis will pay either their lives for they have done, and I don’t mean they will be killed. No death to them would be a mercy...” He proclaimed with absolutions. And he ment it, which is what made him so interested to them as they stated: “I can see why kazemi choose to give you his core, you are truly a one of a kind being indeed Irane Kazemi, you remind us of our father Mana, in many many ways. As they told him about mana and of the truth of how he created them as a way to apologise to the universe and fix things., fix the problems his children created. Irane noted that it wasn’t his fault as he looked on at Summari and Nighla who were now walking around him at this point. 
“I truly do hope that these children of mine will also not travel down such a path” he said so concerned but with a smile to as he added: “But I truly do look forward to seeing how they grow up. I plan to offer everything I have made, my empire, my tools and my cores to them. I wonder which of them will take the throne after me…” In a moment of confusion Gaia and Cronus asked Irane if he had any idea just what he truly was, as Irane would reveal he was a conceptual if anything, They both looked at him as they stated he was no conceptual. He was a primordial-conceptual. Mana only had the core alignment of Harmonic-Chaos only and that is what made him able to directly manipulate the mana around, Irane was a different class of being, his core welded a conceptual within yes, but he was a primordial to. A being born of Primordial Mana. A true one of a kind human as they stated: “There are a few conceptual being in this universe. Mana was a rare case but conceptuals aren’t all that rare in the grand scheme of things as they stated that one is said to born every other millennium. They revealed alot to him, things he didn’t fully understand at the moment. A Primordial-Conceptual. And his children Summari and Nighla were also the same, and that it was very very rare for them to even exist. They shouldn’t actually exist. 
“The name Kazemi, will now be seen the name of the Primordial-Conceptual(P-C). 

Irane thanked them for all they shared as they also told him to full story of mana. Cronus gave him a book on Mana which also wielded some of his most terrifying spells. Ones that surpassed level 10 magic, it was on a different scale. As Gaia would offer Irane a new look, altering his body slightly. It was like an upgrade an addition to his very being from within. She updated his seal to lock at the percentages. 16-35-49%; 51-75-99&; As she added: “With this you won’t have ot fear going overboard, you will know how much power you unleashed. In that moment Enari appeared as Aphexia returned to Zoe as the 4 months were up. Enari decided to make an appearance to quickly see Gaia and Cronus, none of them truly knew each other, but in all rights they were all siblings. They still held the feelings they had as Gaia and Cronus referred to Enari as baby brother. A term that annoyed him, but he couldn’t do anything about it. They revelled that in the past when they were alive, Kazemi used to refer to them as his baby sister and brother as in that time he was far older than they were. Enari introduced himself agains as Enari Kazemi. Irane differed the name to both him and Iris Kazemi. It was at this point that they both also thought for some time and decided to add Wov and Osiro to their ends as last names as well. It was a beatuful moment which ended suddenly as Enari move to Arai and Crono appeared. 
He gave the beast and tool of Gaia Wov - Mother Nature and Cronus Osiro - Father Time back to Ember and Taliya as he warned them: “They are nothing like they used to be, they are far superior in theire ability and power. Understand that well and also choose wisely who you offer a beast ot tool to, the choice is ours and the actions they commit with them will lie with you ultimately. You both have a duty, don’t forget that. 
Then he told them: 
“They also now weild a very special ability. They can create hybrid beast/tool for those who are worthy. But they will explain it well.” He looked at Vesper as he stated: “Good like with your ghost problem!” He stated with a cheeky smile as they officially left, before though Irane gave a mark to Taliya, a golden dragon tattoo on her right shoulder, as Aura, Nina and Jade would reveal they all had a similar tattoo, a mark Irane gave to his students, the ones he trained personally.
They left and returned to Earth, as when they arrived back, they began to build up their power. 
Vesper Wov would with 1000 other elite warrior take the challenge to of getting a special hybrid tool/beast. Vesper would be the only one to succeed as he would get: ‘The Oracle's Eye’

Now back in Orians. A 2 months back as they returned back, Azura would boast about his success and how he was able to confirm the death of Toma More. A fact that made him smile. But that was quickly ended when they heard how many people survived. It was no where the massacre and scale at which Azura described. But he was over shadowed by Arai as she presented the heads of the leaders of the Wov and Osiro clans: Kia and Nex’s heads. This plus her intelligence on how they were moving made her far more reliable then any other. A fact that would lead to her being seen as a dangerous treat to their reputations. 
Now at the same time during the attack on heaven Axola who was also involved discovered the myth and legend of Kazemi, the champion. The one that Sofia made, he found it and it terrifying him. At this point he was in all rights terrified of Irane Kazemi. He was the anathema and the simply fact that there was a story out there depicting Irane as killing Vraka and Selis and establishing his empire. Well for him just like the Primals was a believer at this stage. He believed in the terrible power Irane had. He campaigned to end the peace with Apexia and to do all they could to end him. To Axola Irane was the most dangerous threat. 
It was clear that Axola was not okay, he marched on the streets of the Capital Mana, telling the people about the Anathema, Irane Kazemi. About his power and how he would destroy their way of life. He wend to Pandora and [capital of the Spirtis] to tell them how Irane would destroy their Gods, and how Irane desired to end Vraka and Selis, a statement he got from the book of Sofia and remade to fit his narrative. Arai, Hope and Zoe didn’t stop, in truth they actually let him carry on, even inflating and spreading his words and warning to all of Orians. Zoe was the one who came up with the idea, to make them fear Irane, and to create a myth and legend around him, it was effective, far more effective than anything they could have planned as Axola’s reputation made his words carry more weight then they should. Niro, Azen and Elorah were annoyed by the rise of Axola’s claims and the rumours spreading. They once again imprisoned him to prevent him from spreading more of his lies… an act that would back fire, as this was seen by the people as fear. It was confirmation that his words were caring weight as they saw that if his words where just a myth and lies, than why arrest him. It was spreading like wild fire and the upcoming events only made it so much worse. 

Now with the last 3 months after the attack on heaven(After Ember and Taliya had recovered the power of Mother Nature and Book of Time) the was nothing but wild spread preparation for the war, it was already under way. At this time Arai was given full control over the defences while Axola was the main general for the offence. At the moment he hadn’t been able to make much progress but they had the superior force. Now the political drama had spiralled into the next point as Azura was plotting. He felt overshadowed by Arai and he had enough of her and her antics. Now they noticed that the Primals were organising, even getting intel on their next moves and locations. Wth this knowledge he prepared a plan. There would a total of 4 main battle lines. Now he would lead the main force, while he set up forces in the major locations of the Alma and Spirits. In that he set up that they would be lead by Droom on the Alma side while Tenma was assigned the forces of the Spirts. Now Arai was asked to also lead a team, one consisting of the Ascen minor forces, in all honesty they were weak and those selected to join this squad knew one fact, they were considered useless by the state. The only reason Niro even allowed it was the fact that they were a reserve force according to Azura, but he made sure that that squad would see actions as when he checked on the movement of the Primals he set it up that Arai’s squad would see action indeed… 

Now on the same day within Limbo, Vraka and Selis were about to clash within the North West region between the cities of Hades and Ether. They mustered their forces to fight one another and they would also clash. Irane(with Crono at this point) moved some of his forces in order to observe them, he wanted to see if he could determine just how powerful they truly were. Thus the events of the Primals official offensive on the Orians and the battle of Vraka and Selis were taking place at the same time. 
Arai was shocked as she was positioned with the intent of being back up to Azura’s forces, but she saw a horde of Primals marching towards their location. The Ascen there were also shocked and terrified, they were outnumber and in all rights outmatched. They were millions of then matching to them and all that could be done was accept death. Arai communicated with Azura that there was a force moving in on their location and site and they needed back up. But all Azura did was inform her: “We have no additional forces to spare, so deal with it!” His words vexed her, she felt as though he had a smile carved on his face, that full. Arai looked as Aliya who was also with her squad asked her what the plan was… it was clear that they had very little hope of wining and they could escape on their own and leave the other Ascen there. She contemplated it for a moment, it would be easy, and in truth most of the Ascen assumed she would, it wouldn’t be strange for them. But she couldn’t, she had so much guilt, so many regrets as she viewed the death of so many were on her hands, no she would simply run and leave them there, she would fight no matter what, as she said that Enari spoke t her: “Arai… In if you want any chance at victory, than I have a suggestions, but it all depends on how much your willing to give?” Arai with a fire in her heart and voice, with pure convicting stated to Enari: “It’s either we go all out or we die, I understand… I am willing to go all out!” That statement made Enari smile, as he stated: “Good, time for the Drive than…” 
Arai ordered her forces to prepare for battle, they would fight, they might die, but they would fight. Many asked her if they were fighting to simply die? There was a harsh silence, they knew what they were called, useless, pointless. Many were woman who were in the ascen society seen as useless, and the man… well to be considered a useless man was a death sentence indeed. They had no faith in their lives as they asked Arai why she didn’t just leave and let them die as she stated: “I was told to lead this squad, meaning all of your lives are my responsibility, you belong to me as long as I am the captain of this division. You die when I say you die. They call you all useless, pointless and weak. You’re all disposable… Good, I was once seen as disposable to, so I don’t mind being the leader of the ‘disposable’ unit. But you will not simply lay down and die. If we die then we die together. We will fight even if it’s pointless and we will not surrender. If we are to die, then let us die fighting!” He words moved them, but it was her actions, the fact that she would be the first one there to fight that moved them, they moved according to her commands, setting up the needed cannons in place and prepared. It was all just ment to really slow them down, there was no real way they could stop them, but Arai had a plan. As they moved closer Arai noticed that it was Ember leading the group. Arai smiled at seeing this telling Aliya: “We might surviver this yet.” 

Ember was moving with absolutions. She was ready as now she didn’t just have soldiers she had power. She buried any past and the few memories of Joy she had in Orians. She wanted to kill them, every single one of them As she moved to kill any Orians, all would fall before her and to her joy Arai was the one she would meet first. Now Vesper was also part of her squad as well. It didn’t take long for them to realise that Arai was who was leading, as the moment Ember saw her, she saw red, the rage she had been carrying for her former teacher. The rage of the capture at the lab, the abuse at Minia and how Arai helped with it all. The loss of the first man she ever loved and his mutilations at her hands. Rage was all there was as he ordered them to attack, as she did Arai moved in with no hesitation as she met Ember at the battlefield. Arai was fast, far, far too fast as she moved in on her and struck Ember in the face with a punch. Ember smiled as she looked at Arai: “Trust me, I know just how dangerous you are when you feel like it, so I won’t hold back… You’re going to die right here and now.” As she stated that she pulled the Book of Time, the mana streaming from it was intense. As she opened the book: “You know what this is right, it is the sacred treasure of the Osiro, im sure you know it, as you asked Aliya to deliver this as you also ordered her to kill my sister.” She raged as a physical spirits emerged from the book, it was Cronus as a spirit form, he looked at Arai and took the remnants of her mana from Embers cheek.
As he did the book opened as Ember realised her mana forth, it was intense as Cronus designed a Tool, as he closed the book a Tool appeared in embers hands, it was a sword that seemed to emanate a flowing wave of mana as Ember looked the Tool she remark to Arai: “You know in the past Father Time could only create set Tools for people, but after Irane altered and upgraded it, it allows the user to conjure a Tool for any specific purpose. This one is obviously built to KILL you!” As she said that she moved the blade to cut Arai, as she moved back, the blade extended as current and wave of mana spread and enveloped the area around. As Arai released her Lighting mana it pulled it all as water would conduct electricity and kept moving consuming her. It was clear she couldn’t avoid it as she used a spell to counter, the mana wave simply absorbed the spell markers. Arai eyes widened at the site as Ember moved in as the blade kept releasing mana and covering her, she blocker Arai of and began to unleash her own energy: “Energy Magic: Mana pulse bullets” as waves of mana bullets moved to take Arai’s life, she dogde as many as she could, then as she tried to create a sheild., the bullets simply passed through and exploded. They pushed her back as Ember moved in and stabbed her with the blade, the mana from it now flowed with Arai and made her scream as she kicked Ember back. Ember laughed as she stated: “Come now, is that really all the legendary student of  ed as the a handful of Primals where able to survive but barely. Even Vesper survived as he moved to get Ember, his body was covered in burns and it was horrible. The few retreated in terror and confusions at what occured, even the Orians who should have been celebrating that the survived, more the 30% of them were gone, but that seemed to pale in comparison to the devastation left in the wake of Arai’s spell. It was far too grand. 
The move didn’t just re-ignite a single sleep, no It pulled in all the mana released on the battlefield from the past hour amplified by the magnitude of Enari’s mana at full. It draw in everyone’s mana, all present, the explosion of there mana shells all set and compacted into one point then unleashed in a violent roar. 

Now as the unit tried to get in contact with Azura’s squad to inform them of the outcome, they recieved terrifying news. Nearly his whole division was wiped out, and the 2 squads of Alma and Spirits were being forced back, They got the report that Azura, Droom, Tenma and Pino all disappeared, but it wasn’t just them, as they got word back from the Alma and Spirit capitals that Azen and Elorah where gone, the only reason they weren’t wiped out like Azura’s divine was due to Hope and Zoe who both took to the battle field as Tenma and Droom disappeared and lead the teams. 
Hope was engaged in combat against Minia and her team, while Zoe was fight against Taliya and her team. It was reported that the squad lead by Azura was tipped out by Alex and his forces, It was terrifying to hear that report as only one question passed their minds where did the Alma and Spirt leaders go…? 

We move now to a few minutes ago as we see Irane with Mira, Pandro, and Criya all watching the battle between Vraka and Selis. It was their first time seeing them in their forms, Vraka was a massive beast of with rows of fangs and claws perturbing as dark and menacing as ever, he had what seemed like fur, feathers and scales all over his body. He looked like a monster, a demon of legend, they called him the progenitor, the first Demon, the God of Beasts, while Selis was glowing in white light floating and hovering in the air, Her she seemed like an seraphim, in mechanical form as though she was a mash of metal like structure, like an ever changing shape impossible to see, they called the first Angel, the God of Tools, streaming with energy and power. 
They both were surrounded by Ferali and Celestials who seemed to be both parts of their body and separate beings at once, they were terrifying yet impossible to look away from as they seemed to just send their Ferali and Celestials to clash. The conflict was disturbing to look at, at though these 2 monsters where simply firing living ammunition at each other, the few Apexian warriors and the few human volunteers who were watching were disturbed and terrified. Irane on the other hand seemed disappointed. Mira noticed this as his emotions showed nothing to her which was strange. She was scared, Pandro and Criya were also scared. Fear was the norm in this situation but all Irane felt was simply nothing but disappointment as he stated: “This is not what I need, I can’t gage the depths of their cores power if they simply send Ferali and Celestials to do their fighting. This is pointless…” His statement caught everyone by surprise. Irane was ready leave as he told Mira to prepare to leave as he suddenly paused before giving the order, his eyes seemed to shine with a Golden Blue glow… he smiled as his mana started to react. He looked back the beasts as he stated suddenly: “Well if you want a good fight, the best way is to force it out of someone” He said as he rushed towards the beast telling Mira and Pandro: “Enjoy the show...” They were shocked as Irane flew higher and higher into the air. In a moment he seemed to be surrounded by a raging fire, he came down like a comet streaming down. His Drive was activated and his mind was fully active to Enari, and in that moment all he wanted was to fight, and there was no better opponent then the 2 so-called ‘Gods’ before him as he suddenly at terrifying speed slammed into the side of Vraka’s body sending him flying as he appeared in his phoenix beast transformation form. He was a massive blue, golden phoenix as he stared he hovered over and looked at Selis, Iris appeared from the sky and slammed into Selis forcing her back and crashing into a mountain breaking through it. 

Irane smiled as he cried out a cry charging his mana. Vraka stood up in shock as he was still recovering, he was shocked that there was someone either then Selis who could send hims flying in his massive form, he was the size of a small mountain, massive and heavy, He looked at Irane’s phoenix form and roared sending all the Ferali after him, Irane smiled in his bird form as he moved into the air impossibly fast for his size as in he seemed to transform into living fire burin gall the Ferali rushing towards him: ‘Flame-Phoenix Magic: Blazing phoenix rush’ He moved through even burning the Fire and Water class beasts. As he crashed into Vraka setting him on fire. The scream he unleashed was unholy and wrong. He’s cried shock the very earth and sent shockwaves as he rived in agony and pain from the flames, in a moment a word of Celestials rushed him, they were told swords and axes with their own form as Iris moved to stand behind Irane and launched a rush of mana based weapons back and striking the apart, destroying them on impact, then in a moment Iris shifted as Irane launched her turning her into an arrow with phoenix flame in its tip, as Irane launched Selis seemed to dodge It, then it changed tragetory and pierced Selis right into her back, a massive wave and rush of fight pulsed over her body. The screeching sound of pure pain coming from Selis was numbing to hear. They were both screaming and crying as Irane looked on, hovering in the sky: “Ah, what beautiful music you both make, I can’t help but want to hear more.” Vraka and Selis charged their mana through as though responding to Irane’s taunt. Vraka and Selis moved around as they looked at the phoenix. Irane smiled some more as he charged him mana, his body retuned to his small size with the phoenix wings and and claws, then Irane added: “Seems my Drive is active, no its just my mind… Interesting, well can’t let this chance pass me, hey Crono, Iris, lets have some fun and go all out!” As he said this Iris contracted into her small necklace form and landed back into Irane’s neck, then a stream of energy and Iron consumed Irane’s form and and an orb popped out from Iris as well as Irane smiling face was covered with a full armour set: “Ah been a while since I used 2 of my tools at once, this should be fun… Lets enjoy this to the fullest Crono Iris. Charge Kazemi’s drive, lock 35-49%” Iris replied: “Set Drive limit set” Crono then added: “Lets do this ‘Perfectly’!” Irane smiled as he charged his armour set and the orb hovered around him: “Ah nice and cozy, Kazemi’s principle’s Set: ‘Armour of Re-Action’ and ‘Core of Tools’.” The smile on Irane’s face was gone, yet replaced with a helmet, but it was clear that Irane was smiling more then ever. Mira was laughing and chuckling, struggling to keep Irane’s joy and excitement at bay. Pandro looked on in awe as well as the others. The few humans there could only wonder what they had gotten themselves into as Mira noted: “You humans who volunteered, it seems you will have one unbelievable story to tell when you get home, watch carefully as the Emperor goes to war!” 
Vraka and Selis looked at Irane who was now in a much smaller form, as Vraka smelled with his fangs, he rushed towards Irane as small being forcing his mana into his right arm, altering his form to more of a Gorilla - sapiens form. The mana seemed to draw the surrounding earth and rock. The mana was immense, Pandro screamed out to Irane to move as he could only imagine how that much energy would end Irane. He had never seen that much mana being pulled and focused as Vraka threw a world ending right causing a massive shockwave all around. The shockwave reached All over creating a smoke screen and a massive crater. Pandro screamed out Irane’s name In fear na horror as Mira simply chuckeled. As when the smoke cleared Irane had grabbed Vraka’s right with his own right hand, as Vraka face showed pure shock. In a moment Irane pulled his left arm back as though to throw a left punch, Vraka charged his mana as Irane pulled his massive body to the side, his strength was unbeliveable to Vraka as he manhandled him closer then throw a left punch that connected with his massive gut, sending him flying kilometres away, crashing through many hills and large rocks tell he hit the side of a far of mountain, in a moment he throw up a dark black liquid which seemed to be blood, Vraka’s eyes where wide as he couldn’t believe what just happened. This human, this small being had just injured him. As he looked at the armoured form, and covered mask, he could still that Irane was smiling at him. He didn’t understand what just happened as Pandro, Mira, Criya and the rest assembled looked on dumfounded at what just occurred, as Mono(Pandro’s beast) Appeared as spoke up: “Kazemi’s Principle: Armour of Re-Action, was the first of the 10 Principles to be made in the Trail. It is an armour with 2 main abilities: 1. It can match the force of any attack thrown at it at any particular part, thus at the point of contact with it at any part he will match that force and energy and cancel it. But the issue is the fact that it is that particular area that will react. So say Vraka throw that punch at his stomach, the armour would react and block the force there.m but as the stomachs normally can’t output the same force, there is massive recoil there. 2. The next is max output. Depending purely on intent the armour will pull on the user will and desire for a strict. If you want to kill your opponent then the armour will force you to attack with that intent in mind. In all rights that armour is the ultimate suite of battle and war.” 
There was a silence at that moment as they absorbed that info. Irane shook his hands: “I launched that attack with intent to break you in half… the fact that you’re only throwing up some blood shows just how powerful you are. I can’t force my body to unleash a force far beyonf what it is capable otherswise the recoil will leave me armless. Vraka’s core must be level 7 minimum, maybe even 8… What a monster.” 
As Irane thought that Selis launched a massive spear at Irane, it was formed from the first 10 elements Fire, water, earth, Air, Ice, Electricity, Nature, Energy, Light and, darkness. Pulling all those energies as it moved over to Irane’s locations like a missile. As Selis added: “Go ahead block it, it will just absorb your mana and grown in power.” As he confidence was quickly ended as Irane moved the orb that had been hovering around him to his left hand: “As he pointed his hand with it in the direction of the spear coming at him: “Channel Energy of Destruction” as the orb pulled the mana from Irane’s hand and moved to intercept the spear. As it collided the spear broke off and seemed to be destroyed, then it’s energy was re-obsobed by the spear as it raced to Selis and struck her right in the centre forcing her back exploding in a massive was source and exploding, displacing nearly all the water there. Selis also throw up a white liquid and cried out in pain as the chest showed massive cracks on it, The orb returned back to Irane’s side hovering as it did as Irane smiled. Again Mono added as the the spetators watched on: 
“The Core of Tools: A very power weapon created for the sole purpose of changing and reshaping itself, it is the external expression of Irane. It can from any tool from based on Iranes knowledge and intelligence, it can form and alter itself into all types of forms, Swords, Spears, Bows, Arrows, Staff, or even missiles. It is the ultimate expression of Iris. Irane can do 2 things. Either start the creation process from scratch and alter the form and shape of the tool in real time to destroy the enemy, or create a set tool from his memories. Either way, once it is out. It can channel the power of creation and destruction on the mana around it to create and reshape itself into the perfect Tool for the job…” 

One of the humans stared to laugh a bit: “Your joking right… I mean that’s, I’ve seen so many impossible things in the last few days. But that man, no that being is just on a different level…” he carried on laughing in shock. 
As the Arke Twins both stopped crying, irane point his hands towards each of them, then gestured with a smile, for them to come at him. This was the last straw for them. They both felt it, rage, pure rage and anger, one they hadn’t felt since ancient times when they were children. The same rage and hatred they felt towards the Primal leaders. They raged both at once. In that moment their mana seemed to rise up as they started to shine and their mana exploded forth. The sky began to darken. Pandro noted that their mana felt like it was making his skin was crawling. The sky darkened where Vraka was and it shined a bright white over Sells as their surrounding also changed. In a moment screaming came from their location, the screams not of Beasts of Tools but of Orians, They cried out in pain. Then As Irane looked closer he noticed that Droom and Azura had appeared around Vraka while Pino and Tenma appeared around Selis. Irane noticed that the Ruin Beasts and Sova’s chain was just in their nature state, they were screaming as many more Alma and Spirts appeared around them. They were elite warriors of the Alma and Spirits, those who had the most powerful Beasts and Tools. Then Vraka and Selis started to shrink as their mana compacted around them as Azen appeared in the mass that was Vraka while Elorah appeared in the center of Selis. They both were screaming in pure agony as the mana of their masters flowed within and started to alter their forms. Irane looked on as Azen appeared with flowing black hair of pure black energy, his eyes where pitch black with claws and other features of Vraka but in human form, while Elorah’s hair ignited a bright white as she appeared to get light, crystal metallic lines appearing over them. They were entering their Devil and Angle forms, no these were far more, It was on a different class, as Irane. Their bodies and mana finally stabilised as they both took a breath. Vraka spoke now: “It’s been Millennium since we took these mortal forms…” Elorah added: “There will be no miracle or salvations for all who bear witness.” They both charged and ramped their mana up, Irane smile grew even larger, his animated helmet showing as much, this infuriated Vraka as he rushed forth in his Devil form to Irane

Irane pulled back as Vraka launched himself at him, in a moment he slammed the earth and sent most of it into the air then as Vraka enter the dust he dodged Vraka’s initial strike and kicked him into the earth as the rock and dust moved up with him: ‘Earth-Phoenix Magic: Geo-reformation’ IN a moment all the rock and dust had consumed Vraka and made him into a pillar of pure rock, as Irane looked on Selis moved higher into the air as Irane looked on anticipating an attack, but he was distracted by Vraka who broke free and launched himself at Irane again as Irane stated: “Why don’t you stay down you animal?” As he prepared to counter Vraka, a beam of light hit him at the back in that second Vraka moved in and unleashed a punch with far more force and power then before, to Irane guts as Irane was forced back, the armour cracked and blood poured out from the mouth piece of his helmet, he was pushed back as he landed the blood streamed out as he hit the mountain side near where Mira and the others where, the force was immense as it carried on for miles after cracking the whole mountain base. The dust and shockwave was immense as pandro put up a barrier protecting them all. 
In a moment Vraka laughed in pure joy, as he sated: “As I thought your little armour can only reflect back one attack a time, it was to busy reacting to Selis attack and you couldn’t focus any mana whatsoever onto your front, there was no resistance at all, I felt your insides turn to mush… I can’t believe I actually turned to my Devil form because of you, what a waste…” as he said that the duct around Irane disappeared as he was laying down on in the mountain side. In a second a massive pulse of blue fire emerged all around Irane as Crono used Phoenix Rebirth on Irane, he slowly stood up as he smiled. Looking at Vraka as he looked stunned at the simply fact that he was still standing, he took a moment to pull the memoirs of the Alma who know of this being as he saw Droom’s memories he smiled as he realised what he did and noted how he could only do it a limited number of times, 2 left he thought as Irane simply stood back up and waled towards Vraka with a smile and he stared to laugh hysterically. The laughter caught Vraka by surprise, as he asked: “Is it that fine to have you insides turned to paste Irane?” Irane simply smiled as he stopped laughed: “Of course, there is no greater form of pain, then the one you receive in combat, in that moment, you truly fell it, ALIVE!” As he laughed some more, He looked back as him as he stated: “That is the last time I will use phoenix rebirth, I won’t need it again!” In a moment Vraka moved in again almost disappearing as a wave of dark mana flowed to Irane, in a second another pulse of light aimed again on his back, as Vraka appeared in three mana forms, on the sides and front of Irane, he locked his fist as he launched the punch laughing as he cried out for his head, Irane didn’t move as the light moved from his back and spilt and struck all of three of Vraka’s forms and he unleashed a kick with his left foot to the only physical clone to his front kicking him back a vast distance as he looked up, smiling. In the air Selis was confused as she noticed that Irane’s armour was now different. It had a glossy exterior, one of diamond. As Irane noted: “You know how hard troublesome it is to dodge a light based attack, then again Earth Armour-crsytal shell. I can still alter my armour with my core of creation.” Irane stated as he flew up to Selis, his speed was extreme as he noticed that what she used to fire that beam was a tool station, he then smiled more and as she fired more attacks, he turned his armour into a dark-liquid form of dark-water mana nature, all beams of were absorbed. As he reached her, she moved back only for Irane to pull her back with chains and force her to the ground. 
He then started to fall towards Vraka in a ball of fire and earth mana, He was a living meteor, as he threw a right down, one that vraka matched causing a raging collapse of the surrounded earth as it felt th force of a meter from Irane, in a moment Vraka unleashed more of his beasts as Irane simply moved in to his front and threw a quick left, one that Vraka assumed he could simply tank as he prepared to hammer fist Irane down to the ground, but he was mistake as the left had as much force as the meteor punch, forcing him back as he threw up blood, his chest and all below it were destroyed as he rocketed back into the distant horizon. Then Irane rushed immediately towards the rocket that Selis feel on. He ruched to her as she launched more projectiles as they all danced around, Irane removed Core of Tools(CoT) from his chest and drew mana through through making it pull electricity and earth around it, as he moved forwards Irane threw a lighting earth spear, towards the massive rock formation behind Selis as she jumped into the air. The rock pillar under her cracked in half from the lighting, then Irane moved from the bottom and rushed up as the cracked and broken massive rock chuncks and the stream of lighting merged into one as Irane formed a massive hammer pulling it up from the rock and lighting slamming I down on Selis in a massive crack, causing the earth to violently shake. 

Criya with the humans where shock as the saw the whole landscape be reshaped right before their eyes. It was on an extraordinary. It was to much, but as he looked at Pandro, who’s expression was on a different scale, he simply looked at the scale and insanity of it all. But more than anything Mira’s expression was the more horrifying as she just smiled in pure joy, it different, she was on a different class and different world. 
They kept watching the battle as Vraka and Selis seemed to move and Irane would just counter then, mountains fell as new ones came up, lava fields appeared as the earth melted from the heat. Lacks and dams dissapeared and reappeared in different location. Ice stated showed up, forest rose and burned down in an instant. This was no battle between people, this was a battle between what could only be described as ‘Gods’ or ‘Monsters’ The mana around them started to change as the three beings mana collided and merged creating a massive Storme of mana. It was inexplainable. 

Vraka roared as he enveloped his claws in spatial magic: “Aura beast formation: Spacial-electric-dark Ripper claws.” They would pull him in like a black hole snd there was no way Irane could stop his claws as in their current form they would cut through anything. In that same instant Elorah seemed to form a massive cannon through Time-Energy-Light mana as what would take minutes of time to charge and gather the mana was done immediately. It was would reshape the world as Irane re-attacked CoT with his Re-Action he streamed the enegy forth as he charged up all his mana thought his aromour. Elorah fired her attack with every bit of power she had as she aimed it at Vraka and not Irane, as the Blast moved around Vraka and added to his own attacked, Vraka than shifted his focus on drawing all the mana around him making it form a wolf like cloak around him as she rushed and pulled things with the space towards himself. As Irane rushed in he surrounded himself with Crono’s mana and flames as he rushed towards Vraka: “Re-Active Creation” As he moved in and created a blade from all the mana and flames from Crono and his armour as he places his very all into the thrust as it collided with Vraka the energy streamed forth all around them It was devastation as Vraka smiled and pulled all the energy to him mouth as Irane looked shock as Vraka launched all the energy back a him forcing him back with terrifying power, as it blow it reshaped the landscape. Destroying Irane from his very atoms, ripping him apart, cell by cell. As they both seemed to smile at their victory they both saw a tiny phoenix flame appear before both of them as it ignited the same attack that Vraka just unleashed with the power of all their of their mana’s unleashed on both him and Selis pushing them both in the direction of their main city, altering the landscape as they moved back. The three explosion were felt all the way back to the Paradise, Sentia and Tulla too. The very foundation was shaken a massive earthquake carried through. The point where the 3 explosion offered was altered as a massive mana storm enveloped the area. The Storme expended and enveloped all of Apexia for a moment, The defensive shields around the three cities were set to max as they held the storm from destroying them, Pandro had to use Irane’s will just to protect all present. The storm of mana pulsed all over changing the environment. 
It took w while for the storm to clear as Irane used Phoenix rebirth, Vraka and Selis simply healed as though they were immortal but for the first time they couldn’t heal completely as it seemed Irane’s attack also hit them right in the core. It was a devastating attack forcing all 3 into unconsciousness. Irane noted before passing out: “Damn monster, let’s call it a tie this time!” As he passed out. 
Irane’s body was recovered by Mira as they all retuned back to Apexia. This was the first of many fights, and this would have dire consequences for the Orians…

As the fight between Irane and The Arke twins was taking place, we must now view how it affected the Alma and the Spirits. 
Now Azura was fully prepared to engage the Primals, he was even excited as he ensured that he brought many to sings and play instruments before fight, his army consisted of the most experienced Warriors from Orians(Ascen, Alma, and Spirits.) Tenma and Droom were the same within their own squads. Azura looked on at Alex as the fighting took place, it was brutal as it took place on an Orians internal gate. A place were they could teleport and move mass products throughout Orians. Now Azura was stationed here as it was the easiest place to bring in an army through to Orians, to control this point in Limbo was to have access to move their armies through any points. As the fight began the armies where on even footing as Azura and Alex clashed for some time, their were nearly even. But before either could show who was truly superior Azura disappeared with many Alma and Spirts seemingly vanishing from the battlefield it was unexpected for them all but Alex didn’t waver, he accepted the situation and bulldozed his way through the confused army of the remaining Orians. It was a massacre as Azura’s division would nearly be wiped out with a handful escaping back to Orians. But this didn’t help as When Alex moved his forces through he got word that the same situation took place on the Easter and Western continues of the Alma and Spirts. 
Minia who was leading the charge towards the Spirits reported that Tenma and Pino with hundreds of thousands of his forces disappeared creating major disorder, the same was reported by Taliya who was assaulting the Alma that Droom was gone. 
It was now clear that an unexpected event had taken place and a golden opportunity was before them, one that they couldn’t afford to no take advantage of as Alex split his forces into three teams, the first 2 moving to reinforce the Minia and Taliya’s squads. They were planing on just testing the waters of the power of the Orians, but now they could actually move in and hit them where it hurts as they ravaged the lands of the Alma and Spirts. It was a major hit. The most shocking part for the Alma and Spirits was how the Primals now had Beasts and Tools. And their power was on a different class and with the elites of the Alma and Spirts gone, well it was a major hit as many cities and towns were destroyed as million of the Orians were killed. Taliya and Minia march and assault halted as Hope and Zoe moved in and met the forces directly. 
Elorah and Azen were also gone. The Alma and Spirts had no real leadership for hours, hours that ensured the death of million of their people. But Hope and Zoe respectively stepped up and replied the forces of the Alma and Spirts as they moved out. 

Zoe moved through the forces of the Primals. She moved through hoards of Primals as she rescued many of the people in the towns around. Taliya raged on as She unleashed Mother Nature and unleashed a wave of beasts on at Zoe, who was awe struck by seeing the Tree of Eden — Mother Nature was before again as she couldn’t help but cry. The very first words she spoke to Taliya : “Your beasts is beautiful to see!” It wasn’t the complement alone that confused her, but the honest tears and the smile on Zoe’s face, but it was quickly ended as Zoe snapped out of it as she moved in and attacked through. Now Apexia warned Zoe how she knew about her and the form she possessed. This didn’t deter her as Zoe simply charged her mana and instead of manifesting Apexia, she simply entered her Devil form, she was an enigma, a beast who tore through all in her path. Zoe was a monster, as all the beast that creatures that Taliya formed with the improved Gaia were simply destroyed by Zoe. They landed blow after blow, but she simply healed and roared as a beast and moved through them all. She was a predator hunting the strongest on the battlefield, the Alma heard the name that many who knew her from the Academy called out: “The Apex Predator was among us.” Taliya did all she could to overwhelm, soon Zoe was healing slower and slower, but Zoe was deep in enemy territory, soon no one on the Alma side could see her, in a moment she felt the effects of Arai opening the Drive to its full, it resonated with her as Enari entered the drive state, pushing the body over the limit. In this moment Zoe pulled it out just for a moment as a tree seemed to grow out of thin air in her hand, as she infused all her mana through and thrust it in the ground: ‘Life/Death-Nature Art: carnivorous Forest ’ as a network of three sprouted as Zoe summoned the Mark in the center, its ability of adapting to pierce and kill all in its path was unleashed as the tree’s roots burst forth and killed hundreds of Primals. In a moment Zoe was simply a beast with blood of the Primals dripping from her very form, Taliya was no fool as she realised she was no match for this woman as she stated: “We have done far more then we previously had planned, no need to lose any more forces now.” As she told her forces to retreat. As the Primals moved back and ran the Alma offensive finally moved in and was able to push more of them back, as they retreated they killed as many as they could but it wasn’t a lot. The Alma found the unconscious body of Zoe surrounded by hundred of dead Primals around her, it was a sight to behold as their bodies with handing in the trees. There was a pool of Blood all round the tree as Zoe was in the middle of it all, she looked like true demon, a monster. As the Alma retrieved her unconscious body. 

On the Spirit side Minia was sweeping through relentlessly, she was systematically with her description, focusing on the most populated area and key positions and worst of all she was unstoppable, Soon they reach on the largest city in the south of the land of the Spirits. Minia was merciless as she launched devastating bombs on the cities. She had killed millions already and captured thousands of Spirirts for her experiments. She wasn’t shy in infusing fear as she moved as a monster, but her attack took no lives in the south city as before the bomb could land and make its mark on the city, it exploded to the east right into the forces of the Primals there. It was a shock as Thousands of Primal were wiped out. Hope appeared with Temper fully drawn. She had teleported it away. The Spirts were shocked as she and the other Spirits who were following her orders from the capital came forth and moved everyone away through the spacial tunnels Arai had made. It was extraordinary as millions of Spirts were moved to the capital. Hope’s orders were heard all over: “Focus on saving any Spirt and move them to the capital, main force with me, let us buy them time.” 
Minia laughed as she looked on at Hope: “Ah, the failure appears, I’m shocked you of all people would dare come and face me, sorry to say this but you aren’t on my level, you are no Arai…” her words were interrupted as Hope moved slashed towards Minia, she laughed as she moved back in a hurry stating to Hope that she knew her swords abilities far better then anyone else, a statement ended as Hope wiped some blood of Tempers edge. Minia looked down to see blood leaking from her abdomen. She was confused as Hope moved in with no word as a second slash came down, one Minia was sure she dodged only for her hand to be cut as Hope moved closer and kicked Minia. 
Minia was in awe at how Hope was moving, it was different from her weapon that sent slashed in space, no one it seemed to be cutting a specific set space, it was impossible to tell which point would be cut, It was a terrifying moment as Hope finally spoke: 
“Don’t think your escape this time around, I failed to kill yo9u before, not this time… I’ll make you pay for what you did to my sister!” Her mana pulsed with pure rage. Minia moved back as she thought of her words. What did she mean, how did she even now about that. She was unsure, there were far too many unknowns, (Note Ember never disclosed what happened on the island so Minia had no idea that Hope was Cai once). Minia laughed a bit as she unleashed her chains and bound Hope, her mana stopped flowing as Minia moved in and forced her back. She laughed as she reminded Hope: “You seem to forget that my ability is, I can directly affect the space around a core, even if it isn’t the actual core, if I interrupt your mana near your core, all your mana will stop function for some time, and with Life/Death form I can target you core where it is in your body. You can’t beat me.” She said as she wrapped a red chain around Hope, it was Ventriloquist, Minia smiled as Hope was unable to move, she smiled as her next words fell as a brag: “Ah of course you wouldn’t know about this one, I also only recently discovered it, oh how I love it, It was a gift from Irane. I only realised I had it when I tried to get a Tool and Beats from Ember and Taliya, they stated that I already had a Tool and a Beast, which was rare, far rare than anything they had seen, a scene that they stated only Irane had…” Do you get it, he gave me a tool and beast, if that isn’t love… well I don’t know what is, I really can’t wait to see him again and make him all mine, all all mine.” She stared to laugh and blush as Hope noted in her mind what Arai told her, how the curse that her father Namo added to her mind had broken something in her, but then in a moment she laughed at her as she called a stupid and delusional girl: “Irane will never love you, ever. What you did was simply use Arai’s authority to command him, and tied Ember little spell around me and Zoe too. You really are a foolish broken little girl aren’t you?” Minia paused at that statement, it infuriated her more then anything, to be called such a thing by someone well below her was to much as she unleashed her beast: Pain, a beast she obtained from Summari and Nigla as she tortured Irane, It was a feirce beast that was able to inflict the most pain on anyone and as Minia held Hope with the chains using the setting to bind the heart, she truck right at her core, her heart. The beast pulsed through as Hope screamed out in unbearable pain, it was to much to endure for any normal person as Minia noted how she would pass out from the pain soon enough. That was the case for everyone she used it on, to bad that this was the one person she should never have used it on. Pain was born from Minia’s perspective on love as she main Irane suffer, it was fully capable to making Irane feel pain, but Irane had a counter he created, To counter the pain Minia’s “LOVE” inflicted on him, he developed Hatred, pure and devastating. As it reacting with her core and as Ebari used the drive and resonated with her like it did wit Irane and Zoe. She screamed out not in pain anymore, no she screamed out in pure unfiltered rage as Dima roared her mana through Hope. Her core tapped into Hatred, pure and set and directed to Minia. Her mana pulsed forward and through the very space around them. Minia looked on in horror as the chain seemed to be forceable unattached. 

Hope’s very mana came to life as Dima merged with her, giving her mana a tap into her emotions. After all she held the core of Irane’s heart and it was heavily affected by his emotions. Now Hatred pulsed through as she rushed towards Minia with every intent to Kill her. She screamed out: “You really are a pitiful Bitch aren’t you!” She insulted her as she moved and teleported all over the fields chanting Minia who was moving as quickly as she could over the city, Hope was ruthless as her mana raged forth destroying all the Primals in her site, it was raging though, in a moment Minia noticed the mana flowing from Hope had changed completely as Hope’s body, her very core reacted to the effect of hatred tapping into Emo-Hatred’s form: ‘Life/Death-Time Art: Accumulated Hatred’ as her mana rushed around her the whole city destroying all in wave of death, It was the stored energy of Hatred being released as her mana took on the same properties as Emo-Hared. 
[Now it is important to note one very important fact, Between Arai, Hope and Zoe: Arai was the Master of Arts and strategy, making her the master mind; Zoe was the master of technique, having the greatest ability with physical combat, she was a combat goddess, and Hope was the master of Pure magic and spells. She held the largest reserve of mana there was among the 3 of them, and the largest range to which she could spread it,]
Hopes mana had enveloped the city as it would take the form of Dima with Emo-Hatreds mana effects. It moved through the city hunting and killing all Primals, he hatred was aimed at them, it was only targeting them, only Minia and her forces as she rushed though the Spirits saw her mana and hatred unleashed, they felt it, the density of it all. It was amplified by the history they hand. As Hope would lose herself to the hatred. Hounding Minia down as she was pushed further and further to the edge. She couldn’t keep up with Hope and her attacks. He was mana everyone. And he slashing attacks target her from all direction. She put all her efforts of escape the range of Hope as he used the Life/Death Mana core component to heal all the cuts the was receiving from Hope, as he ran. Hope didn’t let her reach the edge as she moved instantly to Minia’s location and changed the centre of the range again to the current location. It was like the world was under her will. Minia was cut relentlessly and endlessly, but none of the cuts where lethal, no they simply were ment to hurt her, she was being cut to ribbons as Hope insulted her more and more, her words were back by the venom of hatred: 

“Daddies little failure, I wonder do you still have him locked in your lab? (She laughed as she added) Your so desperate for daddies approval that instead of killing him you keep him locked up, Hoe pathetic!” She said she cut around Minia’s hand up to her shoulder. As she continued: “You claim to have no equal but Arai, sorry to burst your bubble, but we both know that you’re no match from Arai. You’ll never be her equal, never!” She screamed as he cut near her foreheads and shined the blade to strike her leg, then unleaded a pulse of mana. Minia enraged used her chains in full power, set to bound all aspects of Hope, she wouldn’t be able to move as she set it up, but Hope smiled as she simply swapped places with Minis as the chains wrapped around her even her core which shocked Minia, it was impossible. She couldn’t move at all as her mine, body, heart and body, and even her very core where bound in her own chains as Hope slowly walked ot her with a deep cruel smile, she moved her blade to her stomach and stabbed right through as she flowed her mana through causing Minia to scream in absolute agony. Hope leaned in as she continued: “The really sad part is you were so lost in your delusion that you tried to make Irane marry you. Oh how pitiful, the little false goddess really wanted him that badly…” She leaned in closer as she spoke: “You know something, I have his very heart beating in my chest, his very core within me, I have no need for any for any special magic trick or art to make his heart skip a beat for me, do you know what he calls me, his Empress, his sweetheart. Don’t worry, I’ll send you an invite to our wedding, I’ll make sure to place it right at your grave!” She stated as she pulled the blade up and moving past her right lung cutting right though, Minia’s mana healed her, but it left a scare, in a moment Hope grabbed Minia’s neck just as Irane did her before, squeezing more and more. Tears started to flow down her face as she was passed out Hope didn’t let got as she wanted her dead, truly dead, the chains disappeared as now she was simply dangling in the air. Very few Spirts saw this, but the sight was impressive in all regards. 
In moment a flash of mana streamed forth at their location as Alex appeared and grabbed Minia, hope moved back as she swung Temper in pure rage contenting all her mana into its edge, pulling Dima into as she pulled it all there: Kazemi’s Art: Dimensional Server + ‘Kazemi’s Emotion Art: Concentrated Hatred’ the cute struck down cutting into Alex’s chest, clearing aiming for Minia as it cut a line kilometres long, all in that path, all in that space were cut in two, Alex survived but quickly teleporting to a different space but he still got cut as his chest as deep, deep wound, nearly cutting into his ribs all the way through. Hope roared in rage and anger at her escape, the Primals felt her mana as they retreated in Alex’s anger, the Spirts felt it to, the dark scape of her rage and hatred towards Minia, towards the Primals. The hatred made flesh in her mana. 

The attack would have major consequences. The disappearance of the strangers amount the Alma and Spirts would cause hell for Niro, who raged at their disappearance. He was furious. But he resolved as he would state: “Master Aevum was right, never trust those who borrow power form another being. They left us and to who knows we’re. It’s fine though, they were powerful but it is clear that we have replacements ready, ones who aren’t bound to Vraka and Selis. Yes we now Have Hope and Zoe, and Arai. We have them!” He would not hesitate as the very next day in addressing his people he would note how he didn’t two what happened to Seraph and Lucerne clans. He spoke clearly as he would name Zoe Navar as the new leader of all the Alma and He would name Hope Apolo as leaders of the Spirts. He expected push back for this choice, but to his surprise he would only get push back from the remains moments of the Seraph and Lucerne clans, the one’s who were still around. But the people were happy. Zoe and Hope had created reputation as not just being strong, but also being kind. They witness how they moved and protected them, how they took charge and fought in the front lines for them. Then He named Arai as the new grand General. After all even with a ragtag group of ‘weak’ Ascen she still won and pushed the forces of Hope back. Now those who saw what she did were asked by Aliya to not expose Arai on her Phoenix ability or her weapon. They all agreed, but they started to call her the Goddess, the name they heard her being called by the Dragon. After all to them only a divine being could use a spell like that, only a divine being would call being as legendary as a dragon as a phoenix and dragon and have it address you as Goddess. 
Now for Zoe they still referred to her as the Apex Predator, their ultimate warrior. And Hope, they all called her the Empress, the woman who bends the very space and mana around her to her will. All three were seen as something beyond normal. It was a moment of glory for them indeed. The people called on them and praised their names. 
The war would continue with no end on any side. In all respects, the war was now even. With both sides having Beasts and Tools and the forces on each side meeting a different state. And this would give rise to a war that would last for years. They Orians and Primals would face of for years, even the resistance on earth which even after moving most of the civilians to Apexia in Limbo weren’t able to turn the tide. The war was fierce taking the lives of Millions on both sides. Niro seeing how stagnated the war had become became infuriated by the state of affairs, even seeking new forms of power through a secret move to move Orians into human bodies. It was secret he was cooking up using the research and information he received from Arai after their return, very few new of it, as he knew the Orians would never willingly turn, but he still worked in secret to gain more power. He was obsessed with it all



Part 8.3: The Theomachy: War of the Gods

Soon after the first battle between Irane and the Arke twins, the humans who were there in aid of the Apexian’s heard the stories circulating among the Humans in Sentia. The way the story of the fight spread and caused all the people to be scared, in truth they had seen to much in the last few months. The humans on earth had been stuck in a war state for decades, wars were a norm to them at this point, but to discover that such a thing as cores and people who could use mana, spells and arts. The fact there were people who could summon monsters who could level a town and city with ease, it was too much. Most of the people there were young children and people over the age of 60, as those between were few, but there. Most people were on earth fighting for their lives against the Primals who wanted to turn them into weapons. This was a wart that far exceeded their comprehension of what this was. 
And now with people hearing about the fight, how the plains were remained and how monsters fought transforming the terrain and world, making lakes then evaporating them. Lunching mountain sized rocks at each other. Reshaping the landscape with each move. They could only cower and laugh at the absurdity of it all. Was this hell, were Gods real, people prayed to their Gods. They found no confront in the human like faces of the people. Terra himself was not amused or shaken, in truth he was worried, he feared that the Apexian’s would take all the people there and make them weapons and tools. It was all he could think of. He saw how much the Emperor has invested. The deal seemed fair on the surface to him, they could stay under the protection of the Apexian empire and in return they would work, mining, farming and building as they worked for the sake of the Empire. They even set up schools for the children as to ensure that none of them lost their way. No child was forced to work and do any activity. They all had to follow the law and any foolish enough to disobey would be subjugated to the law of the Empire, The poeople did fight and many did steal and cause commotion, but the Apexian law was stick as many were imprisoned and many were made an example of as those who were foolish enough to start a fight or even kill would themselves be killed through being pilled to a wall outstretched and left there to starve and die. It was cruel but Irane stated necessary as people were easier to control with fear. 
But in all right life under the Apexian was fair and they had enough to eat. Children who saw the hell of the war on Earth were now laughing and enjoying school. Food and resources were plentiful for all. Many still cried of their old lives but still it was far better than ever in truth. Many humans actually volunteered to be part of the initiative and part of the Apexian Empire, as they were allowed to stay with their families. They saw in opportunity, while many felt as though simply sitting in peace while someone was fighting made them personally weak, so they entered the army themselves, as they were places in different units. They never did to much in terms of fighting in the front lines but they did do their best in running supplies and resources. 

Many would start to refer to the war between the Aethers(Fearli and Celestials) and the Apexian’s through many names, the war of monsters, the war of false Gods, but the one which many stuck with was the war of Gods. The Theomachy War. It was the most logical to many as through the upcoming years there would be many battles fought in the borders of Apexia and the territories of Vraka in Hades and Selis in Ether. The fighting was fierce. Now we must note many forms of combat. 
Vraka and selis had forcefully summoned million of Alma and Spirits who had what they considered master and had the best skill and power with using their beasts and tools. They were able to fully pull them in for combat, but only the most powerful, including their 6 most powerful beasts a Tools and their users to fight sin their front. 
Vraka: Azen was his host body, while Droom, Azura and even the son of Droom and Olda was called to battle as he was given Ruin -  Evin Navar(Life/Death-Ice; Harmonic-Light core). 
Selis: Elorah was her host body, while Tenma, Pino and also the son of Pino and Olda named  Edge Apolo(Space-Water; Chaotic-Light)(Note if he has a name use it here already)

All were forced to be generals for the Arkes forces as they were ordered that non of them would be able to return until Irane Kazemi was dead! Now Irane split his forces into 2 major groups: 
Squad 1: Lead my Mira with Crimi as her second in command were sent to deal with the forces of the Ferali, as Mira wanted to deal with Droom personally. 
Squad 2: Lead by Pandro with Jade as his second in command was sent to fight in the war front against the Celestials.

Irane stayed in reserve only appearing to deal with Vraka and Selis when they decided to make a personal move. He was the only one who could fight against them on even footing and hope to stand a chance, he also focused intently on training and preparing many of the soldiers who were to enter the war, he was the one building the weapons they used in the war. 
Now we stated that Pandro had 2 children with Sofia: 
Sethma Prescian(Life/Death-Earth; Chaotic-Darkness core. Oldest child, Male); Julia Prescian(Time-Energy; Harmonic-Light core. Second child, Female)
Then the son of Nevir and Evelyn: Nevir Revyn Junior(Life/Death-Ice; harmonic-Light core, able to slow down the flow of external life force). 
These 3 alongside Summari, Nighla, Dokia, Irane Jr. and Urial were considered the next generation, as was the son of Milla and Dio who was conceived when Dio came with Arai to paradise for the peace talks, his names Tyler Ores(Electric-Light; Chaotic-Light core) named after her mother to hide the fathers name. Now we mention these children as Irane had another reason for remaining in the city and it was to keep an eye on Summari, Nighla, Dokia and Urial. The main reason was their cores had started to awaken and it became difficult for Milla and Isoke to be able to keep an eye on them. Summari and Nighla were the most dangerous as Summari was able to create and manipulate mana, she could use many of Irane low level spells without even using an incantation or spell marker, she could conjure massive waves of fire, ice, water, change and alter the earth, and even conjure lighting. Now Nighla was also bad as she could fully use techniques and breaking apart all the matter and material to its base around her. They had both injured many people in the span of a day after getting their cores, even nearly killing Milla and Isoke and many other children who were around the toddlers. They didn’t know any better at this stage of their lives and that made it worse, and so Irane kept them by his side always, watching and taking care of them,. It was a full time job. Now Dokia and Urial were in access a lot better but still very difficult to watch as Dokia would make people around her experience visions of their deaths in many forms, as many would start calling her the avatar of death, while Urial was able use many of Irane’s techniques. His very body was impossibly dense with mana, and he would conjure and use random arts, even a simple act of sneezing would course gale force winds to flow, and even him simply peeing or pooping would cause earth quacks or rain, All 4 of them were needed Irane to look after them as Crimi, Mira and Pandro, the only other people who were capable of dealing with their dangerous antics, while not fearing for their lives. Irane took on the responsibility gladly. Now Irane Jr. was in all right not as dangerous, he was able to replicate the abilities of others, but it was never dangerous as Irane stated he was not a major issue, so he sated with Milla and Isoke who where now in Sentia with Evelyn and her children. Of course they stayed in Paradisel, but during the day they were in that city working and teaching the children there. It was a full time job. Irane never complained as he still trained Nina and Aura. They were seen as special by the rest of the people, as even the son of Nina was born named Milo Nexal(Time-Energy; Chaotic-Darkness was also born). Now as they grow up slowly they would watch and learn to master their cores under Irane, as he would show them the basics the moment they started to show ability. It was very basic training, in that they were learning to use level 1&2 spells and techniques already. It was in truth insanity that toddlers were already that advanced in their skills and abilities. 

Summari was very free spirited and loved to explore the city in secret, sneaking of to see everything, she wanted to know it all, as she was a very curios child. Nighla would also follow her sister around. Always by her side but she was the most troublesome as she had a temper and was very emotional. In truth Irane know of their escapes as he have Crono, Dima or Aphexia(whichever beats he had at the time) trail and watch them. He knew at all times where they were. He was very close with Dokia, in that he would joke that out of all the children she was his favourite daughter whenever Summari and Nighla asked which between he loved the most, noting he like Dokia as she wasn’t a trouble maker. 
Dokai was a strange child plagued by seeing death all around, and Irane knew this, as he would show her and teach her how to see the life in all things even in death. He would show her how to channel it not to kill, but to heal. He was careful with her as he noted, she had the most dangerous Core out of all his will cores, in terms of ability. She could kill simply touching someone, and making them hallucinate death. Dokia was very close with Summari and Nighla as they both called Dokia their big sister, despite Dokia felling that Summari and Nighla were more mature. Urial was different as he was close with Jr. They were brother as Irane would ensure that he had another boy around. They were very close and they grew up. They would even have fights and challenges against Summari and Nighla. Junior loved his sisters, and been around.

Now 3 - 4 years would pass as the war would carry on raging on all fronts. Irane would meet Vraka and Selis many times fighting against them many times, either a 1v1 or a 2v1

Vraka - using Kazemi Law(Hammer) 

Selis - using Kazemi’s Reflection(Sheild) 

Selis - using Kazemi Beast(Staff) 

Vraka - using kazemi World(Bow) 

Vraka and Selis - using Kazem’s Faith and Design(Daggers and Book/Scroll) - The one time they beat him
They finally decided to obtain human bodies in order to turn the scales of the battle, they deiced to start turning humans they had captured, and transferring them into these bodies, but their methods of forceful and terribly invasive. They didn’t care whether the human or the Alma/Spirt won the battle in the mind and gained the bodies, no they only carried that they where obedient and so they performed what could only be describe as a demonic and holy ritual to ensure the humans where already in perfect human devil/angel forms. They Spirit-Celestials-humans where called Angels as they proper names, they where anglic myths with many seeming like spirits, with Tools, and mad many like true angles and heavily beings with weapons. While the Alma-Ferali-Devil-Human where now called Demons for their forms would be seen as hybrids of man and beast, which many looking as man beasts, monster son myths, people with animal heads. Centers, and all the like. It was this time, that Vraka and Selis through imfultration from their forces where able to obtain 8 Human bodies from Irane’s lab in Paradise, the bodies with no consciousness and ones modified and made better through his bio-tinkering. 
They Moved the bodies of Vraka and his children, and the the Bodie of Elorah and her children into the transference. It was a horrible experiences but the bodies evolved with the pure essence of Vraka and Selis mixed into each individual Bath as they were altered and improved through these baths. All their bodies were perfected and merged with the 3 beast of Vraka and the 3 Tools of Selis. Azura, Droom and Evin where all now Demon. No evolved, they where Devils, as they named themselves Arch-Demons as a sign of higher class and status. Tenma, Pino and Edge where now set and altered with the Tools making them win there human forms Ark-Angles as they Where divine. Azen and Elorha’s forms where beyond imagination as now they seemed to be truly divin and true demonic. They Mana-Force and Mana-Aura respectively seemed to be resonating and drawing with all the Ferali and Spirits. Note: only the Alma and Spirits that they pulled were made into Demons, and Angles. The Feral not bounded to people but to Vraka and the Celestials bounded to Selis were now enhanced and fully connected to Vraka and Selis, Like cells and extensions of their being s for Vraka and like components of the machine that was Selis but materialised. They were all different, almost evolved with their new masters who were now in all rights class 9 beings who where still ascending to class 10. They were in all rights as close to God Hood as any being s could be. They rivalled the Ancient Primordial beings in power soon, when they reach level 10, but as they bodies where still getting sued to the energy and settling, they where level 9. 

They decided to not hold back and test their new powers against Irane and the Apexian’s. This was to be the final strike, the nail in the coffin, they quickly made preparations and moved in to strike, they were to be with even more power. Irane quickly mounted a defensive beyond anything Being forced to leave his children behind and he made for the battle field, with Mira and Pandro while Criya was moving back to prepare the defences. This was simply to hold them back long enough for Criya to succeed. It was brutal as now the new Demons and Angles around the billion of Ferali and Celestials suprised them. This was a very bad match up indeed. Irane had Dima with him now as he Summoned Iris who formed into Fairth’s Daggers, a pair of twin, large dagger, they each complemented each other acting as the others half, one halving a yang mark no the inner design of the blade side, and the other hanging Yang. They where magnificent and Irane formed Wings on his back, of a dragon as feathers then grow, each feather had the same design as the Daggers. It made him look like he was a bird with a dragon tail and horns, Then Iris also formed into a Design’s Book, A Grand Book of that was massive and thick, it was transparent, with pens on the side, the pen in true was a Sebbar of 15 different colours. 

Now Designs ability allowed him to learn and break down the spell and tenchniques and scribe them, With the Pen/Sebbar you could clash and learn the mana compositions and nature of a spell, technique or art. But the issue the ore complex the move, the longer it takes. Irane is so skilled with the blade that with the drive and will active to 49%, he can break down, the core of a person, learning ho they are and their ‘design’
Second it can allow the user to get the design and immediate. All of the moves Irane has and with its ability allow Irane to use and mix up different designs and create new ones, but they won’d be recorded, meaning he needs to remember them himself, but he can mix and match his moves records, and the ones the book has recorded of the enemy. 

Now faith was more direct, each dagger worked as an external set of monitors for his body, they in truth wield the ability to take and elemental attack. Now the dagger with the Yang(Blade with white center) was able to absorbed the sounding nature and form its blue from it, Yin(white-with black) white outer blade, would Emit as the mana that directly opposes that elements. The one blade pulls awhile the other pushes. But it is random, and it doesn’t rely on Irane’s Main mana, but the mana of their surroundings. Making it random and unpredictable which element one would get, but with the pay of the immense amount of power they pulse with the element of elemental combination they have. They amplify the mana of that elements within Irane by 10x but this effect also means he can be left vulnerable to different elements or he could get a boost in an element that makes his opponents attacks hurt him even more. It truly is faith personified. But Irane can switch which blade has which effect without switching them from his hands. And the wings on his back attached as the mana absorbers able to absorb the man from around, Irane can launch them at enemies to get their mana signature to, but it is random, again which mana type he gets. 

But Irane didn’t pull these 2 randomly. He knew what they did and now he was ready to get the final information needed to perfect the seal. It had been prepared but Irane wanted to make 100% it would work, he wanted their design and the final beat of their mana design, with Faith pulling the mana around him, and design scribing the design other cores and powers. He was getting all the data he needs , but he was on the defensive the whole battle, taking massive damage, only surviving thanks to Dima’s teleportations technique. It was Arke’s were revealing in their ever growing power and didn’t stop unleashing it, infusing the very surroundings with their power, they started to remotely control the Ferali and Spirts and enhance them making them far more powerful while under her control, and making them attack Irane. It was difficult to keep steady, But Irane was still hiding out, the beast and tools where amplified and striking at him where now a full level up, level 5 Ferali Beasts and Celestial Tools where now level 6 and that made a major difference with them. They made Irane’s life hell as he channeled his mana and cut thought each enhanced beast and Tool. But as he did in any opening Vraka and Selis would appears and strike. Injuring hm, over and over, it was a true battle of attrition and  Irane was losing, but he was holding out, He started to us a new move: Spacial-Dragon Technique: Shifting Dragon’s Scales, Allowing him too phase through attacks for some time, but it was exhausting as Vraka and Selis kept using wide range attacks to keep Irane on the offensiv. It was pure hell form him. Ending with Vraka and Selis standing by Irane’s side, unleashing all their mana in an attempt to rip him apart as Irane would use Shifting Dragon Scales to ensure that most of his body didn’t get hurt, as he turned the tied in that moment and his daggers produced the mana he needed, and Design had their core designs done and recored. He used it to place a disruption spell mark out of the mana that affected them the most from Yin-Faith’s mana stoping their evolution and knocking them out, while also knowing Irane out as the damage he sustained was to much. 

It took each of them 3 months to recover while Irane was still badly injured. Thankfully he obtained Apex, now Irane didn’t deactivate Faith and Design he kept them to ensure he could use Aphexia to evolve using the mana of Vraka and Selis as well as the mana of he made from Faith-Yin to disrupt them. After he made the preparations. It was time to put an end to this. As Irane Finally Switch Apexia with Enari and set premaritally as his beast. He was now whole, and with that he could finally start going above 49%… 

The Birth of the Empire!
Now it is very important to note Irane was referring to himself as the champion of Kazemi this whole time, he changed it from Champion of Primals. He made the order for all to call him the champion until the Vraka twins were defeated. Many were confused about this, when he said it, as they agreed, they called him the champion instead of the empire during the war times. Now they have been watching the ‘Champion’ fighting this whole time as Mira would joke, that the champion is only 49% of lord kazemi’s true power, as a way to increase moral. 
Now Terra noted how the Valariyan’s reacted after Irane’s fall and how badly injured he was, there was no fear or worry, they simply ape moving, it was amazing as they noted: “He has done all he could, he injured the the demon and able leaders and enough that they aren’t a treat for now. , now it is our turn to protect him while he recovers. They didn’t have fear, instead they worked even harder to keep the enemy at bay. It was an incredible3 months as he saw the Valariyan’s give it all. Then the morning when Irane Got Enari back there was a shift in the atmosphere, it was dense and terrifying everyone in Paradise noted how it felt as though some intense Aura was now all around them. It was now that Mira ordered all the main line forces to return back, as they moved from an offensive positions to a full defensive on in the inner section of Apexia around Sentia and Tulla, as they moved to Paradise, the city was more active than ever as even the humans in Tulla and Sentia noted how their whole world had altered, like now they felt as though they had to truly move and work, as a truly monstrous being was before them. IN the 24 hours after Mira’s order, The people seemed to ceremoniously gather in Paradis, all the Valariyan’s where there, as they saw Irane walk out of the Palace after being unseen in the past 3 months. He walked already suited up with Re-Action as Iris hanged within the chest plate. Irane’s form was different, as he had 3 seemed to looked more of his perfect dragon form, with his human dragon from now having wings and and far more horns, he was hovering his wings as they tucked over him altering to seem like a golden smooth leather golden clock with gleaming golden scales which seemed to be dusted with a mix of all 15 pillar colours. His was horns where grand now as well as his tail, His helmet was of so they notices how sticking his eyes where now, fully golden with a mix of striking white and black purples with golden Iris’s , his facial scales where golden. This was Irane kazemi in all his glory and this was the first time the Valariyan’s had seen it, It was, he was magnificent to them. 
As he walked through the crowed the people started to touch him as when they did it seemed as though their mana was pulled in, Irane smiled as he gestured for all his people to touch him, for them to give hi their mana: “Flow your mana onto your hands, and touch me, give me your mana and be with with as a fight, this will be the final battle, either I live or I die, so I ask you all my Apexian’s all of you who call me Emperor to offer your marks upon me as I march to this final war. Fight with me my Valariyan’s. My people!” He cried as they all gathered in joy as they all did so, as he marched to the gate, the millions of Valariyan’s did as ordered, even the children who still considered Apexian’s as they hadn’t yet choose where allowed to do so if they wished. All did as Aura gathered with Nina and her child, Jade with isoka, Milla and Adri also did so. Evelyn was careful to ensure she and Irane Jr. didn’t touch him, while Pandro with his children gathered and touched him, with Audis in tow. It was a grand moment as they all did so, At the gate Dokia and Urila also marked Irane. Then so did Mira and Pandro as they noted: “Well we wouldn’t want to be excluded” As they both also marked as she smiled: “You know by all rights I have your cores in me already he remarked as he walked. Then Summari and Nighla appeared staring at their father, with massive smiles they ran and hugged him as they told him to win, he laughed as he pulled them close: “Listen up, I need you too to protect the people alright, Mira and Pandro will be incapacitated the time round so it is your job. Make sure you listen to Begin and End okay!” In a moment in their tiny forms Begin emerged form Summari’s hair, and so did End from Nighla as all 4 looked and saluted their father. As they marked: “Yes Champion of Kazemi!” They all cried it out in cheer as he turned his back raised his hand. The new gates closed as a massive barrier fell all around the territory. As They all prepared to hold out, Mira ordered them all to take shelter in the bunkers, while the main military unit was to be on standby as the long range cannon unit prepared to shoot down anything that entered their range. As they did Summari would ask Nighla: “Do you think he will win?” As Nighla simply responded: “The Champion of Kazemi will fall today…” Very few heard it but it did spread as a rumour now. They all watched as a special survalence spell showed them Irane from a distance. It would be absolute Chaos as When Irane moved on Enari would note: “Seems you truly have gathered some loyal people, I wonder how many will stay after they see what happens after they see their Emperor in his full glory” he laughed as though to a joke, Iris added: “I estimate about 30% atleast will leave, as Irane noted: “We’ll it doesn’t really matter, well cross that bridge when we get to it, Now focus. Vraka and Selis woke up a month ago, they would have evolved to their full strength by now, level 10 monsters…” Enari smiled in Irane’s mind as Iris also smiled, it was the smile of pure excitement, this was for to exciting as Irane added: “Step one, we need to get them as far away from Apexia’s borders as possible before they kill me… I would like to go all out when I know won’t put them at risk, I know how I get when I go all out, everything goes blank and all that matters is the objective.” As Iris Noted: “Well not my fault your minds wired like that.” And Enari simply smiled at her and winked within the real within Irane. Irane laughed as he added: “Well you do build up a pretty bad habit if you do it for a couple of million years or so non-stop. Nothing that can be done. Iris, Enari. Let’s do this. First we, lure, then we show them what he’ll truly looks. Lets fulfil my 3 command cores greatest desire and put these master in their place!”

Earn roared: “”We will never give up!” And Iris added: “We will put our very cores into this!” Then Irane added: “And we’ll seal Vraka and Selis!” They all cried out as Irane entered the  drive and will to 49%. Now with Enari and Iris at 49% they are what call in-active states. Where the true abilities aren’t fully active. Iris is limited as she can’t form into a movable weapon, only enter and activate a weapon, while Enari was limited in that he could only enter into the three forms of a Golden Phoenix, Chiness Dragon from(like a serpent from), and Beast form(like a mix of canine and feline traits. He is able to cycle through these forms and use the time, space and life/death ability of increasing his ability to analyse and thing in his mind with the time mode, his ability to preserve the world around him fully and have the ability to set tunnels and teleport in a set radius and path, while also setting the evolutionary ability of the beast. It is all set in this more. While he can use only a limited set of Spells & Techniques from Summari and Nighla’s begin and end from allowing him to channel their ability to create from primordial mana and also the most complex mixed of mana in a technique with end. 
Irane was now also to pull every single one of his Kazemi Principles as he needed. 
As he passed the first the landscape their previous battle Irane charges his mana, sending a pulse all around, it was intense and dense. The Angles and Demons felt it as Vraka and Selis smiled. They were like sharks in water smelling the blood of their prey, they where ready in their level 10 core forms, their mana was radiating through their powerful humanoid forms, as they rushed Irane. They didn’t hold back at all as they pushed one. Their bodies were complexity radiating with mana. In a different state, Vraka had what seemed as a Black Dense mana with a hint of all 15 pillar colours through it all. As he was a merged of a a mana form around him switching into different beast state. It was his Aura personified as a warping form around him, he was very mana. Selis was more of an angle floating as though surrounded by millions of moving pieces and as though her very sounding was living metal, no it was more a white mana that could take any form. Irane noted: 
“Selis is able to reform and altered states of tool from that mana liquid, it’s actually very similar to my own own Blood, which I use to make weapons, and the materials for it all, Or like Father Time’s Inc, which he can use to form weapons. She can make and alter weapons at will, not only that she can also alter the very blood of the Celestials, to, as they have her blood in them, It think ill name it Selis-Ore, with a hyping of Selis-Fire for mana classification, Note if done Iris.” As she indicted done.{Add this as a note for Tools of how the core is set}” 

Irane moved through as he pulled the Hammer of Law, they both ran to him, with no hesitation. Vraka’s mana was a savage form altering in its nature changing and mixing different beast creating amalgamations of beats with specific mana forms, and his mana was intense. Irane blocked them but it sent him flying miles back, in the direction of Paradise. He stopped as he prepared to strike. Enari formed into His Loong Dragon Form, as Iris charges the mana through the hammer and Irane set it down, and hit them both at once, forcing them back. But irane also felt the effects as his hands where shacking, their mana was on a different class now, level 10 was a different level, it was beyond what his hammer could damage, but he was able to set a law now that he had Enari in the drivers seat as his beasts. His output at 49% was alot higher as he activated The Hammer’s ability: “Lock, Contract of cores.” Vraka and Selis froze as they saw it, the contract bind now. It was their contact ability to make the losers core the property of the winners. The one they used to capture the leaders and force them into Grand beasts and Tools. They laughed as they saw the clause: “Only the core the core they get from the body as Selis laughed: “You really underestimate me don’t you, I know what your planning, you can’t beat us, so your planian on losing and as only the person who landed the killing blow gets the core, you will hid your true core in your body as me and Vraka will either select one of you cell cores. I’m sure youve set up some seal within all your core so the second we try and make it our it will seal us? Or am I wrong? I know im not but we can find your main core in that cluster of cores within you, oh we will find it…” As Irane laughed, his laughter caught them both of guard as Irane simply charged up his mana, in a moment Vraka and Sells in shock started to chuckle as Vraka added: “So your even exposing your main core, are you insane.” As Irane added: “I count hide my main core even if I wanted to, for now I have decided to put my very core into this, into they task, I can’t hide my core, you would have sensed it a long time ago, now stop wasting time and sign that contract so I can make you my pet and tool!” 

They paused, each of them looking shocked at the words of this being, this mortal. This man and his arrogance. Oh they signed that second, after all they could tell they where vastly stronger then him. The only real issue was who was going to claim the kill as the contract stated: 

‘In this battle, there could only be one victor, and the core’s of the two losers would belong to the one winner.”  All must remain in a 30,000 km radius merge point of all, where this point is placed, unit the battle I over, a specific marker”{The range was large but Irane know what he was doing. He took the point in a plane to place it 100,000 away ensure that he won’t affect and any stray attack doeasn’t hit Apexia}

This didn’t frighten the twins, they used to play this game a million time as they would fight each other and the lose Ould have to offer up a core. As they agreed: “Like the old days Vraka/Selis” said to each other a pact that was a long dead ritual, reborn now, as the only equation was who would land the killing blow on Irane, as Irane. Looked at the two rushing him. 

He switched to Reflection, and blocked their combined strike the force sent him flying in the opposite direction of Paradise, he then switched over to The Orb of Tools, and Domination, forcing his mana to make hm fly with immense speed. It was intense, now Re-Action was set fully active, Now we need to note that Irane’s armour now an extension of his body, through his skin, as it like a extra layer, it now allowed his mask to have more expression and even more of a dragron appearance. As he used it, to force himself forward with rocket attacked by ‘CoT’ and powered by Domination, adding: Phoenix Form-“Fire+Air+Electricity+Energy+Light” Speed/Offence Armour” Through as power source, he was moving at insane speed. Now Limbo had now know edge, it was said it created by the Primordials as a plain attached to all worlds, in all worlds. It was massive, as Irane planned to get at least 100 000km away. It may seem extreme but Iris calculated that he would need to be latest 80_000 km away to ensure that Paradise was far enough away from the mayhem he was planning on unleashing. But he stated that she was being naive as he stated even 100,000km wasn’t far enough at all. Noting: “We both know that the moment the I go into 50% realm, my mind will slip into Kazemi’s Will

{Note: NB(The mindset of Irane Kazemi can be stated as at 0% his mindset is fully human on Arai’s side, making him human - but as he passes of 50% it starts to slip over to the mindset of kazemi, the being within his nature, the truth is It is more like we need to treat Irane’s Mind as a Hardware, specifically a cpu+gpu(we could even say his mind is the most complex processor in existence, It is on a different scale for tha things it allows Irane to do, a Brain evolved to process data and probabilities, plus operate the to do all the needed instruction to beat a Enari made of 88 million. Years and 37.2trillion attepts at perfection, , and now his subconscious as Software, Arai’s core makes him more human, in his nature, his nature as a normal man, but as he taps into his drive and will it pushed him to be more affected by Enari and Iris(Stated in Irane Lore). But it is all simple him being human at his max power, now this is the true function of Arai’s seal. It works as suppressors. Now enough get your head in the game. He moved around as through the air at breakneck speed. Vraka and Selis chased hi down with full speed and Selis fired many projectiles to hit him. Irane simply deactivated the trusters at his feet and used Re-Actions aroumor ability to kick with the same force that exploded with using the armour’s mana weapon set up to block them all. 
He was fast but Vraka had enough as he conjoured is Aura into a A Cat mix of Panther and Tiger and Cheater features with the elements of Time+Light, as he unlseaches it in a roar, his aura moved fast as it was over Irane in a moment, it moved with near light speed as it seemed to leap through time, as it forced him, down Irane called out to Enari, who used phoenix rebirth with time magic to return as his beasts form, immediately Irane altered to his Defense/Tank Armour: Earth+Water+Ice+Nature+Darkness mode as he tanked the attack. But he feel down hard, as he now was slow and built for taking a hit, As in a moment what seemed like a Rocket Tool was fored with Space+Fire+Energy as in a flash Irane brought up his shield Reflection, but it didn’t explode, it impeded, pulling Irane in and Reflection also pulled on o the black hole as it was doing, Irane Fell for the trap but there was more and Vraka fell through and ripped at Irane’s Left arm which was holding the shield, ripping all off his destructive mana of Erasure and his enhanced Mana-Aura + that of Ruin, He was setting to end him, as he used Eclipse to drag and create his mana aura. He was now the living embodiment of his mana-aria. All there were as he used his beast aura to command their very forms and powers through him as he ripped Irane whole left arm with a salivating smile of joy and accomplishment, one that was killed quicly as Irane Moved and Brought down his right Leg into Vraka face with immense weight and force, like a black of kick that sent a massive shockwave and cuased havoc, as In that moment Irane’s, right leg was shock gone as Elorah Appear now with a morphing Snipper rifle firing super dense mana bullets. As Irane reeled back from the pain, he jumped with his sole leg and rushed of into the same direction, shift to a most beast form As in a moment he used Nature+Life/Death from Enari’s Beast mode to heal, he used the nature aspects, plus added from CoT, and from SoB(Staff of Beasts), to also enhancing it and his whole body. He created prosthetics of them and as Iris wrapped up the armour pieces of his arm. And leg. 
They were shock at how calm he was as he still moved on with pure speed, Selis, charged forth with unreal speed after Irane, as he Enari shifted into his Loong form agains, Irane pressed forward as she shifted his armour to mana reactive mood, simply preparing to move and counter any more, he couldn’t just run as she pulled put Design’s book, with CoT and SoB as a set, then he pulled out Faith and Apex. Placing them as one, seeing All three weapon mode swords under Apex, his blade was a merger of all three, as his body was altered and evolving through Beast, soon he rushed forward, still moving as fast as possible. As Selis fired more projectiles. A missile with powerful mana cores of different mana types, each set with a Celestial./ She was forcing them to power themselves and explode with Life Force power explosion, forcing to commit suicide, and with each explosion, Irane was force back each, time. He used Loong forms to cut them all apart as he rushed with Apex-faith who was using the mana design to oppose Selis’s core plus its design to make Apex perfect for dealign with each of her attics, but the power gap was the issue, as each explosion sent him pin baling, but he used each explosion to propel using reaction power to run away and use all force to escape. But she wouldn’t allow this as Vraka and Selis seemed ot finally have enough the game, 

Irane noted how they where now 60,000 km away from Apexia’s borders, as he smiled, noting: “Just a bit more and we’ll…” As he was interrupted by Vraka and Selis force combination move, what looked like a gas cloud of a snake mode of mini star dust sparks suddlly consumed, Vraka and Selis screamed out as they unleashed their abilities, as in a moment the cloud compressed around Irane, making him its center, then it compressed and more dust seemed ot appears, Irane mana was being drained and turned into the dust, it was the beast of Dust, it was unique indeed, a very amazing use Mana-Aura, as he praised the beast kdraining his mana to grow, then in a. Moment a spark set around inputting the start as the dust being ingested into a massive explain as a star was born, 2 actually a binary star system of serpent Star beast emerged from the explosion point, as well as what’s seemed liked a bunch of mini nests lit obrs that Sells called a start inginiteion tool, able to my celestial tool into star matter and star material then ingenue them to screat a star class explosion, of course limited. Irane was now against a mount side which was nearly all gone with a massive whole one the side, Irane was win horrible shape as he was now 65,000km. He let the marker go from the explosion s Vraka graded it and activated it, binging them all too. 15,000 kilometre radius and a full 30,000km diameter. It was time to end him, as Irane leaned against the wall unable to move. He was torn by the armour as he looked out of it against the wall which his blood spreading all around it the. He had charged aroma bits breaking of as he seemed liked he wasn’t breath. Vraka laughed as they asked who actual counts on this one as they argued. Irane finally coughed out blood, and took a heavy attempted at breathing. The attack to was far to much as Iris Noted: “What’s that necessary: 96% damaged to all systems overall.Seriously taking that blow then redirecting your body so we would be repelled even further was foolish, it doesn’t really matter now, we are 65,189km away, we have a limit battle space of 30,000 km, I believe if we wrap this up with close range devastating attacks we won’t suffer to much damage to the Terran and will allow us to spare the Empire.” Enari laughed as she stated: “We really shouldn’t be this worried Summari with Begin, and Nighla with end are there. They will be able to protect the 2 cities with no issue. While Paradise shields are on a different class, as Mira and PAndro will be powering them… well it is the only thing they can do after all. Cause otherwise there is nothing else they can do…” Irane tried to speak as Vraka and Selis looked on at him and laughed a bit at the broken man trying to speak, they heard him: “…I’m… I’m sorry, I’m so sorry…” As he continued to apologise they laughed even more: “Are you begging for your life, after all you did, oh I look forward to using you as a beast, I will make sure it hurts to, I’ll take my time ripping you flesh…” he cried out as Selis noted: “No brother this one is mine, besides he ins’t apologising to us listen.” She said with a smirk as Irane contained to apologise: “I’m sorry my wife/Queen, Forgive me my Empress, please don’t hate me to much my Goddess.” He said apologising to Zoe, Hope, and Arai. As Elorah though what he was babbling on about, as Irane added after a cough of blood: “I truly hope, I’m not unconvincing you 3 too much with what I’m about to do, I hope you’ll forgive. Im a moment Irane mana rage forth pushing Vraka and Selis back with the force it unleasedh, it was intense, as Irane seemed to be consumed by a dense pool of dark golden mana. His mana radiated forth as he charge: Mana Core: Level 50%… 51%… 57%… on and on till 75%” Set 75% - 80% mana power estimated to be required for the task: Gather 75 - 80%; — Core Mana draw 100% of 80% — Excution plan set, Spells and Tecnhiques loking in. 

In that moment In Orians. Arai, Hope and Zoe were in the military huts in Orians within their respective teams, in a moment Crono Wrapped Arai in a dense blading fire as she told her set, Kazemi Seal: 75%. In her mind as her drive was activated to 80%, her very mind’s energy was over-charging, them With Hope, Dima wrapped her and placed her in a rift between space as her mana over changed, her heart was beating on a. Different as Irane’s heart, absorbing and pulsing. And Zoe was wrapped by Aphexia who created what seemed like a borrow, with nature and plants growing all around her, as her body seemed to be evolving beyond what she knew, now all three were finally experiencing the command cores true power as Irane tapped into His Command core, Arai saw the plan he was formulating in his mind, as Zoe was feeling his body, his very cells, altering and growing, no its wasn’t his cells, she felt the body of the tool come to life, as though trillions of sleeping. Cells cuddly came to life, as she felt her whole body overflow with mana, it was intsent as though bathing in a sea of endless mana, her body was now evolving it all. Hope felt the ingested boundless stream of mana flowing all around Irane. As Irane’s core was now flowing mana non-stop, it wouldn’t stop until the Job was done, as she pulled all the mana available, from all over his universe. as she felt what felt like a trillions stars of mana flowing in her heart, all through her body. Dima moved her to A pocket space allowing her to flow the mana out back into Kazemi’s universe instead of her unleashing it in the real work, killing billions. Arai saw the inanity of it, now she saw the process of this mind, as he looked at all the data he collated, on Vraka and Selis. Then in a moment All three woman were in one place, as if they were within Irane’s very core, as they felt the immesity of it all. In a moment they felt Summari and Nighla’s core. They felt as though they were in hell, until they passed through them, as though their cores in their Irane’s body were being used to their max. 
Mira felt it now, the depth of the emotion of a being, she felt 80% of his emotions in full as she was pulsating, Constraint pulling so much of her mana forth, She was screaming in pure insanity at it all. Millions of years of stored, emotion and this was all in her mind, she felt all the emotion at one, not just one, all of them and it was far to much as she screamed in pain, Pandro aswell who was next to her, looking at the true taste space and seeing the insanity of his ideas. 80% of his spells flowing as Mono’s insanity and ideas passed through him, it was far to much, but Irane made sure that their overflowing mana would be used ot power the shield. As was it for Aliya who was in Orians. She entered a plane filled with the ghosts of Irane’s deaths. They were wondering about simply floating as Irane saw the spirit of Orexis. Smiling at her, it told her she was the separate aspect of the different spirits that made all 6 of Irane’s spirits. And how they were now active. The spirt of each core, each cell, each death was now fully active… do you know what that means, Irane is now fully out, he has finally unleashed his might. 
Now Dokia and Urial were okay as Irane made sure they wouldn’t flow their mana out, it was being channeled into him, The power of his death + the power of his techniques fully set and ready, for his use directly. 
As the drive of Irane kazemi was fully active at 75% they all felt the horror of who he was. They felt the engine starting as Irane’s mind shifted, his human nature was replaced with that of the Tool. The primal-conceptual nature, but it was still Irane. 

Enari changed and merged with Irane, so did Iris as she entered her disk mode and entered on Irane’s chest merging with it as the golden core of Iris seemed to be connecting with a system of him, like a machine being integrated but with his mana network, all over. Soon Enari unleashed the beast from, as Irane’s features became far more dragon like, his wings grow out, as his form also expanded, His winds set to 4 on his back as the last two, the one which normally carried Summari and Nighla merged with his Arms, As an intense light came form his shoulders, As an orb of white and black shined from his inner shoulders and lighting up marks of white on the right arm, and back on the left, as they did, they reached his finders, as 20 rings appeared around the, 2 on each finger. From his left pinky to his right pink it set with: 
(Nighla + Design; Hope + Domination(D!); Zoe + Apex; Arai + Re-Flection; Urial + CoT(Core of Tools); Pandro + Law; Aliya + World Bow; Dokia + SoB(Staff of beasts); Mira + Reflection; Summari + Faith) markers on all his fingers. I
between was a while line with a golden line moving in-between the fingers marks of the left Hand, and a black on the right. Hey looked like a set of 10 rings in truth as They were even visible over the armour. As well 15 marks of elements shinned over his form, with There going a dragon from, flowing all over his body, it was 15 dragons, moving from Iris’s core point in his chest now, with the mark of: 
(Fire & Ice of the right arm; Water + Air of the left arm; Earth + Lighting on his left leg; Nature + Energy of his right leg; Light and darkness on his right and left side of his face; Harmony(Tool+Spell) + Chaos(Beast+Technique) Then flowing to his back the mark of a Phoenix for time in his upper back, A Loong dragon the Left side of his back extended right. Then A beast mark on Lower back.) 
All were In the form of their mana colour as his hair was pure gold now with all the marks on this body shining, then in a moment his golden mana around his flesh hardened and formed into armour, it was golden in all style’s but the gold was intense, it was like star, but also the design on the amour all over was as a moving monument, as though the armour was a galaxy, no a shifting world, the scales of the dragon fully consumed the amour and Irane, No the armour was a part of his skin, a sort of additional layer that tapping into the cores of the skin sells in the dead skin cell armour as scales. Irane’s very body was now in a glorious armour that seems to flex with him, then Iris seemed to depart as she formed into a shining Golden Spear, as the ore flowed it was as thought the very material made of the spear was made from golden star dust, it was far more intense than anything Vraka and Selis had seen as they were blinded by his armour and spear shining blindly. Then in a moment the dense mana materialised into a figure of A massive Dragon, in a fully manifested mana form, shifting from fully physical to mana form. The drain roared as though showing the mana itself was roaring, Irane’s face with the animated amour face of a dragon now, now it makers were there with the mans face seen with golden scales on the cheeks, and his hair patted in a spiky yet rested position, It was not covering his eyes, as the Irane’s eyes were now blinding with golden aura. 
The moment ended as Vraka and Selis looked on at Irane in his golden Armour and the spear rotating behind him, and the massive dragon from behind, him. He was standing fully loaded and defiantly. As he simply stared at Vraka and Selis. He then seemed to start moving his body slowly, stretching as becoming more flexible and mouldable. His very form was in all rights extreme as the very surrounding earth seemed to hover around, he flexed his arm then pulled back to strength his wings, as he was doing this Vraka moved in using a Leaper beast move, concentrating all the force in his punch. Making confect with Irane Right face… or so he though as all he hit was the left over mana cloak remnants as Vraka looked down he saw Irane who throw was about to throw a right as Selis pulled Vraka aback with her chains. They both froze as they looked at Irane, his demeanour had shifted as he pulled his fist back while opening and closing his fist. 

“Who are you!?” Screamed Vraka, he seemed he was speaking to a different, in a moment he took a breath: “Who am I? My name was granted to me to by the Primordial Dragon of Universes, he who grasped the very bringing of it all, in roar that awaked the universe. And by a girl who showed me the true ending, and granted me a true death. I am he who came began after the end. What makes you believe you are worthy to even know my name?” 
He looked at them as though he was starting an insects, he was fully healed and was flexing. 
Enari’s raging voice passed through: “We should probably not take this so seriously Kazemi! After all, these 2 are about to wish for deaths embrace, why not tell them who their destroyers, no their future master will be?” Iris voices echoes through the spear: “Irane, I believe we should stop wasting time and complete the objective, I wish to see how well the Empiric Armour and Empiric Spear hold up with kazemi’s core powering them.” Irane signed as he noted: “I see, well than lets not waste any more time than!” Enari smiled as he roared shacking the surrounded, pulsing Irane’s mana forth, then the mana streamed back and danced around the spear as it pilled the mana in. Irane pointed the spear towards Vraka and Selis: 
“Look well at this spear, for it holds my very Empire upon its tip! And this armour I wear houses the very cores of of my Valariyan’s it is their sanctuary, for their paradise. This armour and This spear are what will put you both down, this day. Sing their praise all who see them, The Empiric Armour-“Sanctuary” And the Empiric Spear-“Apexia” Irane mana pulled forth as the twins moved back, in a moment The mana dragon form of Enari entered the Sanctuary, it glowed in a bright gold as the 12 Dragon on Irane’s face, Chest, Arms and Legs all started to glow, then the beats on his back also glowed as he spoke to them: 
“Consider this an honour, Insect and Tool! This is the first time I get to unleash my cores power in all its glory, well 80% but you get it. Now Objective: “Seal Vraka and Selis” Was marked on, it showed the task was something that all his inner Will and Drive cores desire as he smiled: Looking at the 2 of them: “I am the Emperor of Apexia, you are free to refer to me as his majesty for I am he who stands at the peak of creation, the core of core’s. I am the Emperor!” 

He said as he grabbed Apexia(Spear{S-Apexia} and launched it at the twins as they both moved the way, it passed between then in an instant Irane was there as he grabbed it with his right hand, and the mana from his core of creation seemed to reach with the spear as it glowed white. Irane in that moment redirected it to hit Vraka, as he put up his Gaurd creating a turtle like shell with this skin and scaly amour and armadillo like shell marks set with Darkness and Earth mana. But it still pushed him sending him flying miles ahead as Irane launched himself at Selis. She moved back as she set up a suite of armour, set by Ferali being to each component as she smiled: “I can create armour to!” She said with pride and mocking tone, as she set it around her. It was interconnect as she threw a punch which was accelerated through Fire+Wind Mana then it was reinforced with earth and Darkness near the nucleus to ensure it created a dense supper dense iron point moving forward with explosive force. Irane simply grabbed it with his left hand as an erupting of Energy+Fire+Light energy erupted from her hand, right into Irane’s face. As the massive explosion shook the world As the smoke clear Irane simply stood there holding her hand as the her mana was being absorbed into the left hand as Irane stated: 
“Your armour is powerful, but this armour I’m wearing isn’t simply on my skin, but rather is merged with it. So you your looking at is a layer above my skin. Merged with my cells, so you know what that means? This very armour is a as my cells, constantly evolving and adapting the core mana output to that of my whatever mana my enemy hits me with, but far more advance now. The armour is a shell that with the power of my Core, allows me to naturally and instinctively alter my own body composition as a I need. Oh plus my right hand arm emits a mana of destruction which breaks apart all the objects and mana to its most basic point. I simply call it mana of destruction. As it breaks your mana down, I can channel it with my Right hand and use all that was absorbed and recombine it from its primordial base and make it more complex then the the end result of your attack.”
He said as he pulled Selis back and punched her right in the chest, she had moved the armours more powerful parts to block, as she assumed her mana and their shielding would be enough, she was wrong as A force of a dragon roaring from enveloped around Irane’s first and formed itself from the mana of that explosive pulse she launched at Irane, but with a lot more power sending her flying as the dragon forced her down, in that second as she was sent back, Vraka was now against a mount kilometre away, doing all he could to push back against The Spear which was still forcing into him, in a moment The spear glowed as 15 lights engraved n the spear’s inner side glowed as As a red & brown colour pulsed as in a moment Vraka saw Irane gripping the spear with his right hand. It now pulsed with the raging fire burning him through, from the very tip of the sky, as Vraka used Water and Ice mana to pulse through he engraved his claws in a thick super dense amour with mana, as a beast with diamond sharp claws enhanced with level 10 mana-aura. He swung his claw towards, Irane, it could rip all metals and ores, he had created this specific claw with all 15 elemental combination with earth and First as the main elements. He knew it could damage Selis ultimate tools, so no need to worry as he closed with the edge of S-Apexia, Irane smiled as it cut right through as the spear’s edge was weaved and cut through Vraka’s fingers, the edge of the spear considered of super sharp crystal rock formation grinding and vibrating at a subatomic level with heat and energy emitting form. It was a slice that could cut through all matter and separate at the molecular level. Vraka shrieked as Irane pulled stepped in close as Vraka tried to throw a right punch while in that same moment A massive light bean came as they both struck at Irane’s position. A massive pause of mana explodesing forth as Selis watched in marvel at sheer power and scale of the explosion. Smiling as she thought he couldn’t survive that. 
In a second, she looked forth as a spear was flung at her at extreme speed right towards her head, she dodged it nearly as it moved passed her face the spear exploded with a raging fire that seemed to make her scream in pain as she was set ablaze by the flames, and heat. 
Irane looked back at Vraka who’s hand he used to strike Irane was a stub now and he was unhurt as Irane added: “By the way, I took the liberty of pre-evolving my body to be more immune to your mana, but to also evolve to attack and oppose it, my very flesh is a direct antigen to your very cells. You’re very beasts. It’s effects where not visible before as I was not on your level, but now with 75% percent of my strength unleashed, my mana is now able to reject and destroy your mana. You can’t touch me!” 

He said as he threw an uppercut that rattled Vraka’s teeth, then his grabbed his leg as he was going up, pulled Hhim down as he thrust S-Apexia into his chest sending him fling toward his sister as when he was about to hit the mountain side it exploded releasing a roar of raging and pressured wind which ignited into a dense fire from the pressure causing all things from the ignition point to pure and sliced form the wind as Vraka did his best to block but the burning effect was to great. Irane paused as he took a breath: 
“Don’t give up!” 
“Put your core into it” 
“Seal Vraka and Selis”
He said that as he gripped S-Apexia tightly in his left hand: 
Now the spear of Apexia and Sanctuary is a different class of Tool. They don’t merge with Irane’s body core, in truth they are powered directly by his very core, and that requires an immense amount of power. All the Empiric class weapons need the Drive set over 50% to work effectively. But also because of how intense the requirements are. Now Apexia can draw on the very power of the core of Kazemi and his many many core cells, and even the core’s of other Valariyan’s. The core of people who gave him their cores. And with the power of his Soul Core he had the memory of the souls of the dead and he pulled on the spear, infusing it with his core of death as to ensure each and every strike that would be fatal isn’t fatal, but the pain, the pain is ingrained onto your very core, And his armour was infused with Urials Technique. 

Now Irane pulled S-Apexia back as he prepared to launch it agains, Vraka and Selis recovered as they decided to stick close and protect against the next wave as Irane threw S-Apexia their way. In a moment Selis unvaried her shield made with Space-Energy-Earth-Water Mana-Froce, the tool pulled through absorbing all the energy and force from the explosion the spear caused on contact. She was pushed back as Vraka stepped back prepared for Irane’s next move as he knew it was coming, then in second the very Earth Broke as A Spear in the form of S-Apexia made of Earth Came from Vraka’s feet as he barely avoided it, then he was forced down as the earth Spear tip active a spell creating a force of wind knocking on Vraka’s head down, slamming him hard into the ground, as Selis looked back in horror she was shocked there was even more force against the shield now, as Irane ripped the shield right through with his left hand and gripped on Selis’s neck with his right from the whole in the shield, she was shocked as her shield was of pure Spacial magic of level 10, no way she could just cut through it as Selis forced Irane back making him left her go She stepped back as S-Apexia moved behind her crashing into Vraka as he held it back but it forced him back. Irane indicated with his hand Vraka kicked the spear of course and stepped to the side, only for the spear to catch itself and aim towards Vraka, in a moment It started to glow and be consumed by a mix of all the colour of the pillar, then in a moment a spear flew to him of pure fire, its heat was devastating as he used water magic to counter, then a spear of ice came freeing the water, as Vraka used lighting then one of water and wind hit him, then more f fire and wind, each unleashed a torrent of its elemental nature upon impact. As hundreds rushed to Vraka he was shocked as he tried to dodged and blocked them, he avoided and deflected them as he used: Mana-Aura ability: “Adapting Elemental Beast” A level 10 art that allowed him o adoption in real time to the mana of the spear, as he instinctively switched to the mana needed to counter that element. In a sudden moment Irane was behind him as he grabbed as Fire and wind spear and mixed them with a light spear and made it cut into Vraka’s leg as Irane now danced grabbing and mixing different elements and striking at Vraka. It was hell as S-Apexia didn’t stop firing on one side and Irane was now on his other side making spear combination then mixing them for complex mixers, then in a moment he smiled as he pulled back as hit Vraka in the face then S-Apexia main form flew past Vraka into the arms of Irane who grabbed it with his right hand, then swung it behind as he lunged towards Vraka switching S-Apexia to his left hand, as it charge through and Irane road: Life/Death-Nature-Energy Technique: All consuming Forest. He mix the elements of all all 15 spears into one and merged with with S-Apexia then stabbing Vraka down as he screamed in pain and agony, And a massive dragon grow and started to consuming the mana of Vraka. Vraka super charged his mana through increased the power of Adaptive beasts as he grow in size and mass, the power of the forest dragon as Enari adapted and pulled him down, consuming and drawing his mana while growing the tree around Vraka, in a moment Irane looked on at Selis who was now far off into the Sky, she had set up her ultimate Weapon, as a Dyson Sphere Tool with a star the 2 star serpents in the core, charging it as Another weapon what looked like a super complex Satellite, with a drawing power from the star. It was humming with intensity as Selis laughed as she charged to Tool amalgamation withe Sovs’a chain to ensure mana transference from the Dyson-Sphere to the satellite cannon. Then the power of Keth’s brand marked on Irane irane making sure it wouldn’t miss, the power of this Tool was on a different class, as Tevan's Edict charged the mana making all the Celestial who where also charging it using their life force to super charge it was in all rights beyond level 10, as she even stated she that Vraka wouldn’t survive this either, but so well. Irane smiled as he looked at it.
He gripped S-Apexia with his right hand, then the creation energy pulsed on the spear as the mana around it charge, then Irane spoke: Kazemi’s Ultimate-Art: “Creation of Destruction” As the mana around his right hand turned to a dark colour, the same as the core of destruction on the left hand, it was intense as the spear used all 15 core colours shining through, As she he aimed it right at Selis, while she looked down aiming at him, She fired and the massive beam roared its way to Irane’s location she screamed out putting all she had into: Mana-Force: “Genesis Laser!”- A bean that would turn all atoms and force them apart, it would tear right through and cause millions of atoms to force apart and pull the into the beam making it even more power!
Irane pull back as he Launched S-Apexia right through, the second the tip of it made contact with the energy beam from Selis, the energy from Genesis Laser was forcefully absorbed as its energy was pulled in into the spear as it rushed to Sells’s location unleashed an enormous explosion which’s shock wave reach all the way to Paradise cause in massive earth quack. 
Right at the main location the earth tore apart As Vraka took the form a Lava Beast and was pulling the lava and superheating it on his skin. He charged it as he tried to burn Enari in his forest form, he was being drained as he unleashed call the heat outwards. 
Enari’s Natural, Tree like body was burning as it caught on fire, but soon it started to emit as a cold liquified sap as more water was flown around it, the tree now started to turn blue as it was a cold as sub zero temperature, as it grow around Vraka who was now freezing as the roots off the Ice tree grow and cooled him down Vraka was losing as his mana being drained, he was being outgrown and consumed by the tree, by Enari. It was hell. As Irane pulled Enari prepared a deathly as it burnt allowed even with his dying flames he could still create a gap as she slipped out of the toors and ran to back. Irane simply watched as Vraka raw to were Selis had fallen. He looked on as Enari moved from his forest form to Irane absorbing into his armour. Iris pulled behind him as Irane stated, Lets settle this, its time to end this!” Vraka pulled Selis who to his shock was un-injured in all rights, but she was was unable to move as she was shaking. She experienced it, the death from that explosion, she was supposed to be dead, why was she alive, she wasn’t sure, as Irane smiled, she was alive because Death was marked in the spear, no matter how fatal the blow, the person wouldn’t die from it, but they would feel the experience of the death right to their core. Vraka was unsure what to do as she pulled on him: “We’re… that thing, the Emperor, his, death is not an option anymore brother!” She said as tears started to flow as in a moment they felt Irane’s mana charge up in the distance, the very mana all around them was shifting, the sky and cloud all moved around to him, the very mana deep in the soil, deep in this endless plain, she tried to run, He grabbed Selis as he tried to escape, only for a chain to appear the moment he was 15,000km from the point where he broke the marker, he realised in that moment that this was truly the end as Irane simply roared with all his might, his mana was unreal turning the very atmosphere and earth to extension of his mana, as Selis noted: “That spear, it can command the mana of all cores below it, its a matter of will, but beyond that is mana personified!” She said as they heard the roar of Vraka which made the surrounding volcanos erupt with its sheer force unleashed a lot more mana throughout, as in a moment the sky changed at the black clouds started to shoot golden lighting all over, Vraka and Sells took a breath as they prepared themself, But nothing could as Irane gripped S-Apexia with his left hand and prepared to launch it, as the dark man flowed onto it, then the dark mana of destruction seemed to pell back and force more light mana though its dark part: Kazemi’s Ultimate-Art: “Destruction through Creation” As the mana of destruction stared to pulse all over the spear, making emit and even more intense mana. 

Irane Gripped his teeth as the emotions flowed through, the emotions of the suffering of Hope and Zoe because of the world they created, these 2 animals who simply couldn’t let go, the pain Pandro went through as he suffered in the attempts of his end, the pain that Arai went through that made her travel down, this path. He thought to the billions of souls and cores, that Enari had beforehand, of people to died offering their cores to ensure the champion of Kazmei could be born to end Vraka and Selis. He could have killed them, at any point he could have destroyed their cores, but he didn’t no. He knew what death was like, there was no heaven or hell, they wouldn’t learn their lesson, they would simply be absorbed and cease to be, no he wanted them to pay as his Hatred, His rage, his grief, his joy at their end, all of the emotions of his Drive and will core combined into one point. Mira screamed out as she entered the stat: The Emperor's Full Heart she cried out as her mana pulsed though, Hope did as well as the emotions pulled on her heart making beat with an intensity that traveled over Iran’s world. Pulling all the mana from around, ot was 75% before but now ot 78% and just that extra 3% was absolute hell in a space as vast as a universe, the Zoe felt as those the inigintition of a billion stares stares just took place, as she noted how each new core activated added a level of intensity she Ould couldn’t believe, as she noted how she felt as though her very skin was now nothing mana clear mana and energy, She felt the sensation of all the mana around, as though she was a core manipulating mana around her, the tree was massive. Arai stared dumbfounded of into the blazing fire of Crono regenerating her mind, as she lost count of how many times she blacked out just trying to comprehend the mind of Irane at this moment as The tool was set. Aliya saw the Orexis and all the other 5 spirits charge as they all passed her at one, All 5 commanded by Oxeris as she felt the intensity of the emperors core, his very spirit, she saw the soul of the emperor his core. 

Vraka would not go out without a fight and so wouldn’t Selis, as they charged all their mana together. They would combine to make the ultimate Amalgamation, the myth that was born in the past, the form they took only once, as they both resolved now with 2 level 10 cores, would cause the end of Irane, they were sure of it as They pulled each others mana thorough, then channeling the energy They both prepared the form the spear of Unix{Note change the origin of Unix ot be the by product of Selis and Vraka} - this tool/beasts was on a different class, they could have chosen any form but they chose to have it in a spear from to match Irane as Vraka would form into the ‘ultimate beast’ as he would take a bipedal from as a man, with many animal markers, their cores ingnited as they merged their mana: “Mana’s Art- Aura+Force Amalgamation: Penumbra-Extremis Nexus!” The ultimate tool beast hybrid combination was on a scale to hard to define as all the Alma felt their very core, no the cores of their beast resonating and the cores of all the spirits, no their Tools within them, they all all felt the Force and power Selis. In that moment they were drawing on all they could as the Angels, and Demons felt ti most intensity. The pure power they were unleashing, They felt connected to them near core level as the cities of Hades and Ether both trembled tith the resonating power of Vraka and Selis, their power was on a different level. Many of the humans felt the shockwaves were in pure fear but again the steady ness and faith of the Valariyan’s in their emperor, in Irane seemed to make them unshakable as they all stated: “We will only start showing fear, if he is defeated, even then we won’t show fear until we are dead!” 

Vraka charged with all of Selis mana pulling in on them, in the spear they called unix being forged from the very cores and mana of Ferali and Spirits, the sound was mangling as it travelled vast and far, only crashing mountains and sending tsunami’s and hurcain class winds in all direction, they charged forth. 
Irane charged his core 2 as He pulled Enari all around him, putting all his mana and energy to the very tip of S_Apexia as Enari charge this mana to that a point all the mana around them was pulling as Irane charged to with Enari’s mana roaring through, The roar catered the glacial capes and caused the lighting to scream and stream to. The energy was impossible to classify as they both met right at the point there the marker was set right at that point, their spear’s clashing and so did their mana, it all came together at that pint as a massive explosion sent forth the whole area into a maddening calamity as their mana stream all around to altering the very work for thousands of killometers but this was not the end as The energy from Irane’s main core unleaded and pushed to 80% as he pushed past and quickly struck at the point where they where joined and used the mana he had learned that opposed them to force separate them and send them flying back in extreme force, then in a moment Vraka saw S-Apexia firing elemental spears as each one hit him, made him experience death with a massive explosion of mana at its most refined: “Kazemi’s Art Deatrution Through Destruction was an ultimate move that forced the mana to coinstratly update to the form that could kill the opponent and this would carry on until either Irane stops supplying mana to the spear or the target is dead. And as The S-Apexia was marked with Irane’s Death’s Will core, every fatal blow would stake on the very core as they would feel each and every death on their core constantly, It was a pain and agony impossible to get use to as Thousands of spears of different elemental natures all slammed into Vraka, as he was trapped in the centre of a endless barrage of spears from all direction, each one killing him. 

Now Selis moved back as Irane wrapped Enari and make him appear in his dragon from and two of his heads appeared around each of his first, as Irane noted Dragon’s technique: “Dragon stream Nova” + Creation of Destruction” as Irane laughed punch after punch each one unleashing a massive mana dragon wave at Selis making the dragons Beth destroy her and remake her endlessly, she was trapped in a stream of as Irane Marked Selis to ensure she Goulding die from his mana, he was using Urials technique to force activate The drain technique, in moment they were both being onslaught by an endless barrage of spear and Dragon respectively, and they were both in hell, pure unadulterated hell. Irane then started to mix it up and he used a third move: Kazemi’s Technique: Infinity Drive!” Which allowed him to push and combine to endless spells until the spells have reached their objective, then he active a spell: “Kazemi’s Ultimate Spell: Arai’s Seal: Sentence of Eternal Purgatory“ 
The seal was being directly lacs on the bodies of Selis and Vraka, as they were being destroyed, Soon Vraka and Selis where now getting pummelled by Dragons and Spears, each blow felt like death and rebirth, the pain was unimaginable to them as Selis would start crying out for her father, she pleaded with him to come save her from this torment from this hell as Irane didn’t relent, while Vraka cried out to begging for this to stop. But Irane did, no he put more and more into it, As he crouched down, he charged as with his right he held Vraka on his left he held Selis, as both where in the centre the centre of the orbs being turned to ask then remade and remembering each instant, as Irane would make sure that he tuned his Minds - Time, Hearts-Space and Body-Life/Death to them as he placed the seal, to ensure they experience every bit of the pain as though hundred of years were passing in the span of seconds. He he kept pushing futher and further. In a moment Irane noted as The contract for capturing the cores appeared before him, stating that Vraka and Selis had given up truly at their very cores, and Irane had won and could take their cores as the stipulation suggestion. He smiled but he didn’t stop, no he sued himself right to the edge, right to his limit of 80%, he was going to make this last, he wanted to scare them forever, as Irane Look on and selected the cores he wanted, it was their main cores. He saw them as clear as day. And he selected and completed the seal formula on their bodies, he lined them up in front of him and they were still in the mass of all that mana and destruction, they were now in massive energy orbs as there mana was being pulled and extracted while Irane’s was also compressing them, in truth they were locking in place, the power of 2 level 10 corers being pulled and compressed, then he stopped as he took a step back, taking S-Apexia in his hands, moving it between as he revealed in the moment, he was about to ensure that they never forgot their place, as He launched himself, unleashing all his mana as Enari would appear around and seem to be be eminating: Kazemi’s Art: “Dragon Rush” 
 Irane moved through them both as a massive explosion of pure mana, in the 15 pillars forms turned the very world for thousands of kilometres into a primordial mana world/landscape. The impact was so intense that it sent hundreds of stray mana pulse all the way to Parade as they saw a shower of Thousand of what seemed like falling stars spread all over, as many passed by, many. Other landed against the shield as Mira and Pandro’s mana pulsed and stopped any attacks, their were both in their peak modes and in absolute terror as they felt Irane emotions and insanity respectively. The impacts shook the shelf as infantry with long distant cannons started to fire mana bullets trying to ensure they exploded before reaching the shield, it was a mass as the sky seems to be crying, and falling, it was devastating. Begin and End also did all the could consuming many of the projects or matching them in output to counter them. The world was darkness and death rained down with nothing but marks, As the impacts ended, as the chaos of it stopped, they noticed that In the vast far of distance where the centre of the blast was completely devastated and all that remained there was pure mana. In time it would alter the landscape in unknown ways but many wondered what that could have been. 

As the mana storm consumed and spread all around, the mana on Irane, Vraka and Selis tore the very world, as massive volcanos started to erupt and major earthquakes created massive cracks in the earth. While lighting and tornadoes spread all over the world. Its was impossible to scale but the worst of it was how the centre the point of the storm where the most mana was concentrated was moving towards Paradise, it was moving as a force of nature as the world seemed to be ending, ‘Ragnarok’ It was the end as even the Valariyan’s moved with all their might to protect the city. But the mana storm cracking and world ending noise was amplified by the cries of the Ferali and Celestials in Hades and Ether, there were screaming as though their very bodies where being destroyed and remade from the inside out. They all cried out as mana burst all around them. This was due to how Vraka and Selis’s main cores were now under Irane, He broke the main contracts of the billions of Ferali and Celestial being who were not partnered with Alma or Spirts. They all seemed to be changing as they all entered a beat like feral state. All of them Beast and Tool. The Angel and Demon Alma and Spirits looked on as they watched the horror, the cities were being destroyed as the Ferali and Celestials where all going insane. Then a massive crack shook the cities as the bodies of Elorah and Azen in their Arch-Demon and Angle forms landed in the hearts of each of the cities, causing massive shockwaves and a earth to be sent in all direction. They no longer looked possessed but they were barely conscious with a scales across their bodies. Azen had a massive slip from his left eye down his face across his chest down to his right leg, the cut was deep but more importantly there was a golden mark on the outer edge of the scare, Irane’s mana had burned it on their very flesh, as Elorah had a massive scare from her chest her back and lighting marks spreading from them both on her front and back. She also had the golden mark, but only on the large point. They were barely alive, as Enari appeared over Azen’s body and Iris in S-Apexia over Elorah, they both spoke the same words but directed to the main person: 
“Remember this well and never forget it, this is what happens to the enemies of the Apexian Empire, this is what happens to the enemies of my Body, Heart and Mind. Never forget it!” They said as they vanished, their warning was heard by all in the city as all the Demons and Angels took their leaders and started to flee, they had no choice as they ran as far as they could into the storm. 

We see Irane walking towards paradise with the main cores of Vraka and Selis in his hands as he marked them too and let them return to Elorah and Azen, they would now be their Tool and Beast as Irane poke to their cores: 
“I would keep you, but I have no use for a pointless cores like these. You will both be of service to your masters from now on, ensure you aren’t a useless Tool and Beast.” He said as he let them fade back to their main owners now. He was the still walking as he looked right at Pandora, he was in the centre of the Storm, no he was the centre of it as he moved it moved as though his very core was controlling the mana. He kept walking one step at a time towards Paradise, which each step the storm altered the world, changing it and transforming it to its primordial from, as rain fell and fire erupted. The world was truly ending as Irane stated as he walked: 
“It is about time, I claimed my Valariyan’s!” He said as his walking to Paradise. 




Part 8.4: Valariya’s 

Zoe opened her eyes as she saw herself in a kitchen, she look through the window to see it blank, the door she tried to open lead into a white blank space, it was beyond empty, in a moment she smelled something. The sent was heavily to her, as she turned around at the stove where she saw a woman cooking, and humming a gentle tone, it was soft and calming. Then she looked over a boy standing next to her, he looked to be 11 years old, and on a chair looking over at the pot, as his mother was cooking. her ears listened intently as the woman spoke of the ingredients, Chicken, spices, onions, carrots, potatoes and more, it was the ingredients for a chicken stew. But she heard the woman add a mix of a what she called her secret spice, a mix only she knew and perfected and she told the boy who listened intently at the ingredients and method of making it, than the child was given a taste as he put it onto his tongue, Zoe tasted the same spice mix in her mouth, it was sweet and saviour, as she carried on, giving the boy a little taste as she cook and he watched. In a heartbeat she was looking at them eating on the table. The meal was on the boys plate was chicken stew and dumplings made sweet and with special preparation to make it unique, Zoe saw the whole step of it all. As the boy ate she tasted the same flavours in her own mouth. It was delicious, in a moment she heard the boy ask: “Mom, what was dad like?” The woman smiled as she spoke with a gentle tone: “Listen {Z...}, your father was a man who never gave up, I rejected him what seemed like a million times but he still never gave up.So my boy do me a favour and grow up to be a man who never gives up, no matter how hard or impossible it may seem always remember that I love you, and no matter what I will be cheering you on, just like your father is cheering you on in heaven, and to never give up, even if it seems impossible, I want you never give up!” The boy smiled as his lips dripped a bit of sauce: “I promise mom, I will never give up!” He said as she wiped his lips and a gentle smile crossed on her face. 
In a moment Zoe opened her eyes, she was shocked over what just occurred, but she remembered it all well, as the taste of the food the boy was eating lingered in her mouth as a tear of fell down her face

Hope[sees Aura telling him: “If that truly is your goal is to be with me and make me happy, then don’t just put your heart into, put everything your got into achieving it, put your very soul into it! And I will do the same
Hope awake under a tree covered in a mass of snow and ice, she took a breath as the cold air passed though and hit her throat, the tree was massive with its green leaves still present and even more distinct next to the white snow, she looked around as there was nothing but this tree present, she looked of in the far distance, as mountain range was present in one direction, and what seemed like a silhouette was present in the other opposite direction, she tried to walk toward the house, only to never reach them as she stayed near the tree with each step. She didn’t move from around the tree. She noted how it felt like the surroundings didn’t exist. Then she looked on to the mountain range as the sun seemed to be setting. Soon she heard the sound of two people laughing caught her attention, she looked over at the foot of the mountain as she saw a young ‘Z’ who seemed around his late teen years next to him was a girl(Aura) who looked to be the same age. The boy was chuckling as the girl was laughing out loud as she spoke after catching her breath: “That was a horrible joke and you know it.” Z smiled even more as she noted: “How can It be a bad joke when it showed me my favourite site of all time, your smile.” She laughed a bit more as she pushed Irane who fell into the snow making her smile more, he was also smiling now. Hope smiled as he saw them together. It was a gentle moment as Z stated: “You know I love this spot, under this tree, just me and you. It feels like where the only 2 people in the world when we watch the sun set like this…” Aura stopped laughing as she looked at {Z…}, “tell me… where you serious when you said you would loved me?” There was a pause as cold wind passed by. Z grabbed her hand as he stated: “Your been living with me and my mom for the last 5 years, and I won’t lie I knew it was selfish to say I loved you’d you after what your mother and father did, leaving you with us and taking off, but I ment every word, I love you Aura with every bit of my heart, I love you?” Aura sighed as she placed her cold hands under Z shirt forcing him up as she stated: “I know you, you won’t give up, and I know you want to fight in the war to build a better tomorrow for us all… I know you’ll put your heart into it, but promise me one thing, promise me you’ll give you all, not just your heart, but your very soul into it, into the things you truly want to achieve, promise me that you will put your very soul into the goals you want to achieve, and never let anyone stop you, not even me…” He passed as he held her hands, he pulled her closer as the sun set lower: “I promise you, I will always put my ver soul, my very being into the things I desire and want to achieve, always.” She smiled as she kissed him, it was a gentle moment as Hope felt a tight sensation in her chest as Aura pulled away from Z he smiled: “That was our first kiss...” As Aura added: “The first of many firsts between us.” She said with a smile. Hope felt her heart beating harder and harder as he smiled at the sweet moment, a moment that died as th sun set and rose again as in a moment the Sun rose and she looked over to the tree burning, then she saw Z who had a backpack on and a rifle looking shocked, she looked on at the village which he was staring at in flames burning down, tears flowed down his face as he ran and entered a house where 2 bodies where charged and burnt beyond recondition as hope looked on in shock her chest tighten as she heart simply beat in pain, as though it was reacting to the moment, his moment as she cried out: “I’m sorry, please forgive me, I failed you, I shouldn’t have left, I should have stayed, I promised I would be there for you, I said I would put my soul into it, into the better tomorrow we would have… please forgive me, I failed you…” His cried were silent but his heart was screaming within Hope’s chest it was painful, and made her fall to her knees clenching on her chest in pain, as in a second she was back in Sophioterra, tears streamed down her face. 


Arai opened her eyes as the smiling being at Irane’s core appeared again before her, his smile was all she saw as in a moment the sky seemed to be racing, she felt her head was splitting open, the pain was unbearable then the smelling being held Arai’s hand as the pain stopped, in a moment he world around them shook apart as the the being smiling held her hand and pulled her to stand. His face was fully visible now as it was Z face before her smiling gently now instead of the full terrifying smile, his eyes were visible as she looked on at him. She looked around as there was nothing but a void around, it was pitch black, all around them, but he was fully visible, and she could see her own hands and body, it was strange as she looked at and asked: “What is this? Who are you?” An Echoing voice passed from all around her, no it was in her mind as it spoke the same way Irane spoke to in her mind as the thought passed in her mind: “What does it mean to be alive?” Arai thought logically at the question echoing in her mind: To be alive? That’s simple she thought as she thought of how living creatures grow, ate, excreted and replicated to pass on and die, to live was to be all that.” ~Z smiled as his thoughts again flowed into Arai’s mind: “Not a bad answer but…” he paused as he pointed his free hand to the sky. 
In moment there was a blue dot as it passed around and showed Arai her memories, her eyes opened wide as she saw looked on into her mothers face as a crying baby, she had forgotten what she looked like as she died a few months after giving birth to her(Note Nina is Arai and Tenza’s hand sibling on their fathers side). She was shocked, as she only remembered seeing her mother from pictures as she heard her mother’s voice: “I love you so much, I think I’ll name you Arai - It means special Star, cause in a see of a million people, you are my little special child.” The memory was deep as Arai seemed to cry then more memories passed as she saw her first steps, she saw herself attending her mothers funeral, and she heard her fathers dismissive tone over the events. She saw memories of things before she even know what life was, then she saw he first memory that she remembered, he sister Nina as a baby in her arms, them more, as she saw the memories of pain from being a dud as she was considered a mistake, a useless woman, all her memories flooded through all over, all of them, the books she read in the Naval house with the records of the past clan memebers on them she loved to read, then in the academy as she met Zoe and Hope, as she saw Ember and Mira, and taught her, she saw the memories of the Assault on Mana. And her time in the lab with Minia, then it all passed through as it stopped at the memory of her Ordering Irane: “Love Arai Kazemi: Complete the seal” As the last memory passed it all paused there. She was shocked as she looked at Z in curiosity and confusion at it all, then he asked: “Who made you, YOU Arai?” She again paused, she thought back to the memories, to all the people she knew, as she thought of everyone in her life, in a moment the dark space got two more stars in the sky as Arai saw a reflection of Hope and Zoe’s memories, their lives passed from the moment they were born, she saw it, their mothers and fathers, the funeral that Zoe attended, the battles and training Hope went through. All the way to the point when they got to the lab, then she saw A few new pots in the sky as she saw Mira’s memories, than Aliya’s, Pandro’s and the memories of Dokia at the island, she saw the memories of Urial as in a flash only. She saw all their memoirs until the point where Irane took their cores into himself, they all ended as Irane took their cores within himself. It was a strange as the dark sky seemed to be filled with those 8 stars. It was still dark but their memories all of them passing in her mind in an instant. Then she looked over at Z with tears in her eyes as she asked: “What is this, why are you showing me all this?” As in that moment Z finally opened his mouth and spoke with his own mouth: 

“We at our cores are nothing more then the product of the people around us, the things that make us, us always comes from others. Our lives are made through our interactions and experiences with other cores” 

He said with a sad smile. Arai was confused as she thought for a moment about it all: Then in a moment He let Arai’s hand go and he began to walk away. She looked down as he head again felt a weeping pain, it was as though there was something crawling in her mind, she looked up as Irane who disappeared, in a moment she looked back as she felt a tugging on both her side, the pain ended as Summari and Nighla appeared next to Arai. They seemed confused as they were a lot older calling to her, shaking her as she opened her eyes again. They didn’t speak but pulled her in in the direction of a point which looked darker then before, far darker then before, the few stars where gone as the darkness seemed to consume them in a Waze, in a moment she looked forward with Summari holding her right and Nighla holding her right hand. It was a memory that almost seemed to be being destroyed as it occurred. It was as though Summaria and Nighla were pulling her in as she saw Z standing in the Trail as he looked at Kazemi(the primordial) explaining the trail to Z, Arai’s eyes opened wide as he heard the words of the dragon, it was the first time she saw it and head the rules of the trail and how it worked for humans, As Irane agreed, then he died at the hands of Kazemi. In that moment the darkness pushed them out with as a wave crashing and pushing them away from there. Then they saw it, as Z reappeared confused at what was happening. Arai heard his thoughts and words in her mind, the confusion and horror. He had forgotten everything as Kazemi started to kill him, over and over, in the most painful ways. She looked on in horror, she had seen the logs of his fights, but not the actual memories, and not from Z’s perspective, as she saw him cry out asking how to get out of this hell as Kazemi simply kept killing him over and over. He had erased his own memory thanks to Arai’s mana, it was her time core and mana flowing in his mind that erased it all, he cores ability of time manipulation in the mind, made him bury and erase the memory. They as time went on Arai watched as he coldly accepted reality and he started the chant and recite the words of his mother and Aura: “Never give up Z… just like your mother told you to, no matter what don’t give up! Put your everything, your very soul into this, and beat that Dragon!” Over and over, then after a few thousand deaths, Arai seemed to shed a few tears as his mind was destroyed by the insanity of the moment the fight as the words repeated now into simpler orders: Never Give Up, Put your core into it, Beat the Dragon!” Over and over and over, His mind was swallowed as nothing remained except her. The memory completely gone with the echo remaining. 

Then in moment Summari and Nighla appeared and grabbed As Summari grabbed on to Arai’s Right hand and Nighla her left, in a moment she saw Hope who held on to Summari’s  right hand, and Zoe who was holding on to Nighla’s left hand. The children pulled them in as though unbelievably excited to show them as they pulled them the space, they were flying through Kazemi’s Universe now. The realm of Irane’s very cores. Then they suddenly looked on at a massive Golden Orb in the sky, it was like a star emitting a radiant energy of mana, but they were bing pulled in as they noticed it was like a Black whole, no a white whole no both it was emitting and absorbing at once, it was a contradictory object which Summari and Nighla pulled them into as they screamed in fear. 
In a moment they opened their eyes and saw Irane… No this was Z long long ago within the Trail, They stood by the stands as they watched him run from Enari. It was one of his very early matches as Summari and Nighla stated too the three of them: We have seen the begging and the End of the Trail, but never the middle. We’ve seen them.” As Summari spoke: “I always dream of dad in the trail but I can only ever see the first few million of of his fights…” She stated in a alomst annoyed fashion as Nighla added: “And I have only seen the last few million fights. We have never seen ones, the ones in the middle. The ones where he was truly Evolving and Building himself. When he was in the middle of his process.” They both Gripped onto the hands of Zoe, Hope and Arai. As they did they all could see every part of Irane, every bit as though all 5 command cores were communicating and resonating with the command cores in Irane’s body at that moment. They passed and watched Enari Kill Irane over and over, as Irane died and carried on. They watched the middle now, as he forged his tools ad they saw him use and process more of his spells. As they heard the voices in his head, the commands were now simplified, cut to their most basic, as they all saw his memories of Z die each time he died and came back. How he was destroying his memories. They saw as the core memories all were destroyed as Z forgot the faces of Aura and his mother, as he erased more and more of his mind. They saw it all as he he forgot what they voices even sounded like. In one of the moments they heard their own voices in his head, they saw as Irane created the 20 main cores as blank cores, and how he took three and placed the mana of Arai, Hope and Zoe within them. As they ignited and became the Command cores, then with excitement and wonder Summari and Nighla screamed out as they saw the moment Irane stared to create their cores. They were different, their 2 cores were modelled after the incomplete core of Kazmei(The Dragon) As they saw how their cores were failure, they both fell silent as they saw their first moment, then over and over they saw how their father perfected them, and through learning to how to perfect them, master the ability, the power to create cores, They were his very first 2 original core, the cores he made from scratch as they all watched the mortal who had been fighting for millions of years surpass Mana the conceptual and gain the power to create cores. Now they smiled as Irane bonded the cores of the Begging and Ending to himself To his very core. And then they watched as he started to create tools. And even how Z at certain points consumed Kazemi’s very own flesh to get more material for his tools. They saw as Enari created His own beats for the first time, as they saw him create Begin and End. They were modelled to match his first 2 cores, then Enari started to alter his form into a Phoenix, Loong Dragon, and Beast forms, In a moment they watched as Irane created many of his tools, he had millions of them made, as Enari broke and destroyed them the carried on, making more, refined I the ones he had and improving, he even started to merge them. They saw many of these fights, as They saw and felt his very body being destroyed and remade. They watched the Endlessness of the Tool. They all watched in wonder at the fight before them. They were in awe. 

Zoe noted how the stars in the universe of Irane increased per death, very death a new star appeared in the sky, as Irane gained more and more. And tapped into it, Every one of his cores had a memory f its life, it experience till death, It was his death. 
Hope felt the emotions he had amply over and over through his heart, as the dread from failing, the grief from a failed manoeuvre, the hatred he felt towards himself when he made a mistake. He never felt any resentment towards Kazemi, no his emotions were aimed inwards, the rage of his failure, the grief of losing, and the the joy from succeeding in a plan, she felt it all, as she felt it getting more and more intense with each core acquired. 
Arai saw within his mind the memories and experiences from his deaths. He had them all, the memoirs and sensations of every one of his souls in each core. He accumulated them into his mind, as souls that haunted him. A mistake that he made, a successful manurer, the spirits and expense of them all, she felt it as his mind craved more, a lot more. As though he was forming a primal hunger for it, a hunger for the souls experiences from his cores, he wanted more, more data. More experience. More and More. She saw the mind that was forming. 
Summari saw the way he created Spells, the way he took and broke down all he saw kazemi do into its most basic, and start to create the formulas and spells he had, she saw in his mind, his pure insanity and creativity be merged into a pure energy, a desire to understand spells and break all events iron to their core, and the insanity to understand it all.
Nighla saw the techniques he had the final product of spells. ached on every new core he created within himself. He created them within his body, (Note the additions cells that weren’t his body, like the trillions of microns in the human body) She saw how he took them and bended to his will, making them extension of him and marking them with his techniques. 

Then they saw the Being Kazemi, his simile and the primal nature of Irane, he was forming as a Primordial of cores at this point. As he altered his form and learning more. They watched the man in accelerated rate, Millions on years passing as they saw when Irane Created his other 10 cores, his final 10, of his principles. He created Re-Action first, second was Apex, the Reflection, forth was Domination, then the World Bow,Core of Tools, then the Hammer of Law, Staff of Beast, Daggers of Faith, Then finally Design. 
They saw him work on them, they didn’t see the direct specifics, but they saw the insane scale of those tools. Irane was a monster, he hand made basic cores to channel the 15 pillars mana in their most basic. adding with each death and core. 
Than they saw it, the way he mixed and merged his Principled Tools together and created insane combinations and powers, they watched the battle of a life time, one which broke the veil of understanding. The spells and techniques both being were unleashing were on an unimaginable scale. They they saw it the moment he started to fight on even footing with Kazemi, 
They how they started to kill each other over and and over, as the last trillion battles where the most exciting, they had lost themselves, in the battle, Summari and Nighla made sure they didn’t lose their sanity from the battle through their cores attachment to Irane. For them the millions of battles passed quickly and instantly. 
None the less they started to become direct spectators as Arai, Hope and Zoe gave up understanding anymore. They forgot about the painful memories that Made Irane, no they like him simplifed them, They saw how he channelled his core values. How he gave up everything but those 3 aspects: 
1. His mother’s words now echoing with Zoe’s mana in his body core: Never Give Up! - controlling his evolution and adaptions. - His body tied to Enari the power of all of Irane’s beast are under the control of Enari and he can alter into any off them. This is also how Zoe gains the power to command any of Irane’s beats. 
2. Aura’s words now marked with Hope’s mana in his heart core: Put your core into it! - controlling his mana and core creation. (Note each tool Irane makes was made from the Tool function. Each tool has a core, and this is also how Hope can wield any f Irane’s Tools. Note his tools are made from his blood and its natural base
3. His own belief of what a person is and his core power that developed into his power of manipulation cores, how his note of we are simply the product of the souls/people who we meet in this lif.) And achieving this power. 

They saw it as Summari and Nighla who were born attached to their father core, saw him unleashing his process, how he created Arts. They saw the ability and scale of his power, the beginning - middle - ending. The Creation - Process/Change - Destruction. Aspect at its core. They saw on a level no one else could see and this is why Arai, Hope and Zoe where okay and able to tune to Irane so directly in this moment. They saw from the conceptual point of view from Irane’s children, Summari and Nighla were conceptual’s of Irane’s very being, the nature of them bound in human bodied. {Its why Irane needed to watch them personally, they were to dangerous for Isoke and Milla.} And he was also limiting them. 

They saw a moment when Irane combined The Beginning-Creation Core, and the Ending-Destruction cores merging them into one creating an artificial core for himself. It was an unreal moment, a moment they both couldn’t comprehend. As Arai, Hope and Zoe Stood breathless as they watched and experienced how the 3 command cores participate into this process. 
For the last .5Trillion battles they saw how Irane create an artificial core within his body. Over and over, and matched Kazemi. They saw how Kazemi was truly on a different class now, as he showed his true power at these points. Kazemi did something similar, As he Also started to copy Irane He merged the power of all he was to a single point. The infinite Dragon merged to one point as Kazemi started to use the cores of the 1,888,888,887 Billion cores and souls within him fro this who failed the trials. They saw the insanity of what he was a being who tapped into the very ether of the universe. He activated his core’s power and drew mana from the 15 pillars directly, pathed directly to the point. Of the begging and one the ending. The very start of all things and the very end of it all, be became the central point. They watched these 2 being clash as the now their conflicts lasted centuries, upon centuries. The last few fights lasted for the near 80 millions years… It was on a. Different scale as they watched these 2 monsters clash, The Arts they both used were on a different scale. They made level 10 spells, Arts and Techniques seem like simple spells that could be activated instantly. They threw stars at each other. Folded the edges of reality. They were on a cosmic level, one of a level of mana unknown. It was truly insane. 
As he woulds destroys his very body and forge 2 single edge blades, they looked as though they were made of a blazinfg form, as they watched Irane break his own bones, his very being to make them. They saw as he moved and captured Begin and and End and bind each on to one f the blades, in the second last clash they saw Irane capture them and add them to these 2 blades. But Enari was unphased as he simply manafest more, of them. He could create an infinite number of beasts now. As Irane would Ignite combine his C/B core and his E/D core with the 2 blades as well. He had captured 2 begins and ends’s copies, and blade each with the blades. As they killed each other, more and more.

Then they saw the fine battle as they watched the 2 being finally stop. They never stopped. They would die and resurrect, charge to their max levels almost instantly, and kept going. But they paused as they all stood witness to the end as Irane would bring it all to an end conjuring his forge. The spectators where breathless as all 5 watched with bated breath, in instant Z and Kazemi clashed as Irane would form a new blade, merging the 2 blades together making a single Great Sword of Pure Power, then in an instant the cores of C/B and E/D combined within the blade, creating a core, has he rushed Kazemi, who was unleashed his universe as a response pulling Irane in. mThen in a. Flash Irane Instantly moved the single core C/B and E/D moved into Irane’s Body while the sword pulled Enari’s core into itself. It was a majestic moment as Irane would destroy the conjured core of Kazemi and destroy the dragon, Killing him. As in that moment the very Sword in his hand was placed down as Irane stood Triumphant, his sword held the universal core of Enari within it.
Irane stopped moving as he froze still. He was done and nothing left to do. 

Hope, Zoe and Summari were beyond excited as they saw Irane just beat Kazemi. But Arai’s and Nighla’s somber expression made them pause as they wondered why they looked so… terrified. Arai and Hope felt Nighla’s hand tighten up around their hands, as Hope felt absolute dread from her, she was beyond terrified as Arai was now seeing the moment that lead to it all. The very moment as Summari and Zoe looked on confused, as Hope felt the terror of it all. As they looked and Kazemi reformed, and looked down at Irane’s motionless and irresponsive body as he laughed. His laughter shakes the whole room, he laughed more and more: 
“This was everything and more for me Ziphora{The true name of Z, the name written on the book Crimi gave Irane}, I must admit, this was fun. You won… I wonder though what kind of life would you have I am curious. I think I want to see, what you become. Ah I forgot you don’t even remember who you are anymore…”
Kazemi made his form into true mana, as it flowed into his body, it flowed through righting int the place his core was supposed to be, the merge point where he placed the combined his C/B and E/D cores and prepared to created a core there, he pulled the billion of cores he had from those who failed the Traill. He laughed as he faded into Irane’s body as he stated: “Seeing as there is nothing else I can offer your beyond the service of the being who I shall be when I resurrect. I will admit I can only offer you my greatest treasure, I have seen the beginning and the end, I have seen the new and death. When Mana killed me I felt my essence fading, but he brought back one last piece of me, this was that piece, with the power of 1 billion true cores that I a have cultivated over the last few centuries, and the accumulation energies of these 888,888,887 souls, I should have enough power to give birth to my new core. I will give it to you, And my name. Lets see what you can do, I will not curse you with a pointless mission such as killing those two innocent brats of Mana’s, no I will give you purse far greater them that!” 
As he active the spell and truly ended his existence and creating Enari(The reincarnate of Kazemi the Primordial) and the main core Irane Kazemi has now, he roar as he died creation the new core as he revealed in it all, As Iris activated the Tool That was Irane at this point, She looked on as Enari infiltrated the last cell killing it, and forming a final command to him, setting up the b3rd Command: “Live, Kazemi!” 
In that moment flash of light emerged as the core was created then Iris processed the command activating Irane for the task as she looked at what he was, and what it ment for him to live?

To never give up, To put his very core into it, To Experience and move forward- to execute his task through experience. As Iris added the task to Live, to experience and understand what it was to live. The being who could create cores, could only Live by experience and interaction with other cores, but he comprehended cores to such a deep level, a primordial level, as he attained his tasks he created the mindset to live was to interact with core, to comprehend other cores, to indulge with other cores. In that moment Iris set the parameters, as the mind to complete the task was created. 
As Irane was now He had a different subconscious element to his mind, now the subconscious was wiring his mind to to be a being who desired cores. To not just eat them but to study and consume them. To know something for him ment the core was something he wanted to indulge in as that was he could obtain their core like how he got the cores from Enari.

The 5 of them watched in horror as Irane came to in the lab, unleashed a rush of energy and power, her as he merged the cores of C/B and E/D and it clashed with the core of Kazemi now in Irane’s core location. As they merged and the 3 cores merged into 1 core for the task of existing, and complete the mission, he was going to consume every core in his path as they watched and trembled as Arai fell down… It was the face of  the being with his mind, the smile she knew so well, before her as all the watched Irane Universe truly be created, the watched as his impossible inverted core was created as it charged and pulled all the cores in the cells the expended copies from within back into the true cells within Irane’s true body. [Now we see as this was the 1 minutes in the lab as Irane’s body was altered. He didn’t just have 37.2 trillion cores no, that was simple the number in his main form, They saw from within that there where Far Far more, as the cells from the cores, of Kazemi made them far more vast. It was immeasurable as they looked on in pure horror, it was truth a universe as billions of billions of stars spread in all direction the power immense, This was th power that would have allowed Irane to consume the cores of all the people in the world, the power Mana added to kazemi as he placed him the trail, The power of Kazemi to pull cores in and make them his. 
But before he activated and turned all these one. They saw themselves from Irane’s eyes. They saw how he consumed the cores of the sciences nearby, and he was about consume Minia’s core, but in that moment after activating the saw Arai before him. Then the 2 cores of Hope and Zoe, the original point of the bodies main 3 command cores, as Arai used their cores to bypass the mind of the command consciousness present, and passed right to Iris who controlled the system of Irane and she saw them as the 3 cores calling to her, as Arai heard Iris responding back with the three command: 
“Never Give Up!’, ‘Put your core into it!’, Live Kazemi, which she misheard as Love Kazemi!’ 
This was the moment as Arai sent the command as she started to create her seal with cores of Herself, Hope and Zoe around Irane. They were all helping in the sealing spell around him, the one Arai made, but it was incomplete it couldn’t not hold out as Arai acted, and Iris heard the order: “Love Arai Kazemi!” - ‘Complete the seal around you!’
As Iris obtained that command from the mind, Heart and body cores, it activated as she the being looked at Arai’s very core, to understand her order, what did it mean to Love? As she looked on at the core of Arai, and saw how Love was for her to much of broad example, it was strange to him as she had Love set as a science in her core. The love one has for themselves was the greatest that could exist. In that moment, the core within Irane activated again, as it pulled the cores of C/B and E/D back and separate the 1 main core to 3, it prepared the required resource gathering step before staying a command, as Irane took the cores of Arai, Hope and Zoe within his body, he realised that he needed to place cores back as Kazemi did as he pulled their cores, he could only offer back the cores he loved the most based on Arai’s definition of Love, his mind was set now as she saw love in as a strange state of obedience and understand and to idolisation. Irane’s mind noted this and created the principles looking into her core, and them into the cores, of Hope and Zoe. He then offered he command cores to get their cores, placing their actual cores within and also being the seal around the cores. Irane then noted that to complete it needed 7 more cores as Irane stopped, and this was due to the fact that there was no other core close by Irane could use. At that time Arai didn’t Love Mira as friend yet. As he then paused. He carried on his objective as we see that his mind was wired in a conscious state. 

Arai realised that the command to Love Her as a kazemi was taken litrally to him as he made her core a ‘Kazemi-Core’ through Trade and as the core was set in the mind, it created the subconscious mind that makes him in all rights Human. As this mind set took over as the mindset to Live took a back seat until this command was done, it was still present but the order before it took priority, as we saw when he gave some of his tool and Beasts cores to Cai(Arai) for the children the labs. 
We see how he was doing this to help the cores mature well! In his mind the contract set, As his mind believed that Minia was Arai, and he moved on to see more things Arai loved, more cores of those she loved, as she started to notice that the core of Arai. In her mind started to love many of the children Cai was looking after, the command locked there as Arai looked on as Irane marked them all and gave them the tools/beasts needed to succeeded as she saw herself committing the sin of altering the mind of those children as she saw herself altering Aliya’s mind. And how Irane gave her a tool, for the beasts, then Valariya, as she realised he only really grabbed tool to 2 people, 1. The ones that made the core of Arai react in his mind, and the ones who fit to the command addition to be the champion. As he showed he had Pandro’s and Criya marked from that side, then he marked Mira as well. They saw it all. As he moved on and the watched as Irane was ordered to Sleep with Ember, then later that night as moment that Hope, Zoe and Arai made sure Summari and Nighla didn’t see, as the moved on, even they were shocked by all of these ones. As Nighla didn’t know about this. 
They than saw as Minia tortured Irane, a scene the three made sure the children didn’t see as well, it was horrible and to much for any child to see their father mutilated in that manner, and screaming in such agony. But them they moved from there as they saw him awaking from Aliya stabbing him, as he looked at the mission emotions from Cai(Hope) to save himself, as in that moment the command of the seal took precedence as the Arai core now registered that it loved Aliya as Child of hers, as he ensured to not just save her, but take her core, then the events pf the lab as they saw that Irane gave them their beasts on that day to ensure that they wouldn’t die and that their cores and bodies where perfect for the cores now. 
In a moment Enari and Iris appeared as they noted how much of a pain it was, as Iris stated that she was the one who allowed design to move to Ember in order to get the perfect body and genetic template for a human being’s body. Then Enari added how Summari and Nighla were born as true conceptual. They saw as Irane added the core of Summari and Nighla as babies in their seal position, the cores or Dokia, Pandro, then Mira, whose Boyd was enhanced with Minia DNA as well. Then they saw the moment as he created the forms of death, They saw him walk with Valariya to his death, and then nothing. They didn’t see what was on the other end, but they did see a new command as that 5th command entered to the point core of Nighla, Summari’s core glowed to, a core command from Live kazemi - Love Arai Kazemi - to Irane Kazemi as a free willed being was set. The man who was Irane, was no conceptual…
  
Then they saw his the truth of when irane completed the seal, as he noted how they saw how he had trillions more cores as Iris stated: “The seal is holding, initial test undone, to 80%…” As Iris added: “Your seal only acts as a prison and a suppressor from the Primordial Will of Kazemi to live. That is his subconscious. And Enari added: “You Arai make him Human and give him the mindset of a human form 0% - 49% it is all you, which is the genuies of the seal, but the issue comes between 50%-99% as in now your mind and the mind of the Primordial nature clash and but as you reach beyond 75% your mind losses it foot, he still things like a man to a certain extent, but it is now less visible, but there is more, with it reading 100% your influence on him ends, he will be fully influenced by the subconscious of Kazemi’s will. 

The Drive and the Will are in assences ways to isolate and limit him, but once he reached over 100%, well lets just say you don’t want to feel that.” Arai paused as she asked: “What happens to use who have a kazemi core within our cores?” Enari laughed as he answered: “Well you see your 10 with a will and drive core will experience 1/10 of Irane’s full Will, in truth that’s is what you each get, just 1/10 simply 10% of it all, when he reached 80%, you all just felt 1/10 of that 80%, but the curse isn’t stady of constant, it moves more as direct scale upward after 80%. You all felt what 80% was like I mean with it you were all able to come here, in this range of 75-99, it is a scale of far greater power, but is it far worse at 100%. The full 10% of it all, you will all experience the true power of Irane Core Kazemi. 
As Arai noted: “Wait how long have we been like this?” As we pass back to Irane

Back on Paradise as Irane walked back as the storm encircled him he seemed to be a literately mana storm. His golden armour was intense, it was a terrifying sight as the storm seemed to be running to them. As the Human’s in Tulla and Sentia prepared the guards they were shocked as all the Valariyan’s simply stood there motionless staring in the direction of the storm centre approaching, they were in a trance and irresponsive. It was truly a terrifying moment, as All the Apexian’s who touched Irane’s armour before he left were froze. We then see that Irane was resonating with all their mana’s. He had perfected the art of remotely calling to any mana that entered his body and tracking it down, a skill he perfected as he hunted Arai, Hope and Zoe’s cores. As we cut to the human trying to wake the Valariyans to their senses.  

Aura opened her eyes within What seemed to a world make from and a whole galaxy worth of stars in the sky, then she noticed as massive tree in the front, it was enormous in its hight and reach It was a though it was connecting the two worlds, the Golden Tree was just a long poll with stretching to the vast distant sky. She then saw a fire burning by the base of the tree, she walked to it as she got closer she saw That it was Irane in his golden Dragon form and his body seemed ot be made of pure energy burning all around, she noticed that the only real solid part seemed to be in his chest as all the fire seemed to be coming from that point. His dragon wings and trails where solid to, with more of solid base near the hands and horns, his face was hard to see in the flesh. As Irane spoke: “Aura Veil, it is time, offer your core to me and die!” Aura paused for a moment at his words as she tried to understand what was going on, she wanted to ask so many questions of what was going on, and what this was, but she could her mouth wouldn’t move as she took a breath. Then she thought to his request as she saw his outstretched open left-hand. Waiting for her to place something. She took a breath as as he thought about it, about her core, what it was her very being. As she remember what Irane told her a core was: “The very soul of a being, their very essence, the house of the consciousness and the will of a being made manifest. A core was the very soul of a being, a power brought real, as she thought she pulled her core, it was reflecting back on the golden color of Irane’ as though it was making it manafest. Her core in her hand, she placed it on Irane Hand. As he smiled and pulled it to his nose: “You have a very impressive core Aura, I truly truly look forward to seeing how well it develops, I wonder how sweet it will be, and how much it will have matured by then.” As she said that closed his hand as the core moved the golden tree, she watched as her core reached the top and entered into the vast universe of stars upbove, as Irane placed his right hand on her chest, as bright colour emitted: “Your core is mind and while your core is mine I shall offer you one of my cores. Aura Veil, Valariyan of Apexia!” He pulled his hand back and he smiled, she took a deep breath in confusion, as she asked what this was?” 

I told you didn’t I you very core is mine, I simply gave you one of my cores, that is now linked with my core within my universe. You could say I have your core in my very body. While you have my core. I told you, a Valariyan is an extension of the Emperors will!” He smiled as Aura felt the mana from the core move through her body, then she looked up at him as she asked: “So what does that mean?” She asked but Irane smiled: “You know what that means” She did, his words spoke right to her core, she knew now what he was talking about. 
Her core was his, and with the core of Kazemi in her body, she could use the power of Either Kazemi’s drive if they had a beast or Irane’s Primordial Will if they had a tool, It was very limited in comparison to the power Arai and the ones who have his will and drive cores. As he noted: 
“When you die, I will consume your core and your very being will be mine. You will be part of me, forever, but don’t worry. You will see actual ream of cores, you will rest in the primal place of all cores. Irane moved closer as he placed his hand on Aura’s head and pulled her close to his with a gentle smiled: 
“What it is the most important lesson I ever taught you?” Aura paused as she responded back with a certainty in her eyes: “To always put my very all, my very being into myself. That I should never strive to be anything but the perfect version of me. And to never aim to be like anyone, cause I am the perfect work in progress there is, I must never give up, and always keep moving forward, putting all I am into me and what I love, what I want to become.” 
Irane smiled as he added: 
“Good, I have no interest in cores that want to be like other people. As you live Aura, you power is yours, Enari or Iris will make your a true Beasts or Tool, treat it well. And do your best. To never ever stray from your own core.” 

He smile as Aura found herself before the place she had stood. 

We see the panac as she looked at her hands, she sees a golden mark traveling on her chest, as she took a breath, she saw a lock of her white-black transparent green air, was now gold, as the mark of Irane’s gold. \

We then see Isoke who he asked the same question, as though she was annoyed she gave her core to irane with no hesitation, as Irane asked: “You do get what you’re doing right?” As she asked: “I do, will you also be asking my children or are they too young? Besides you make it seem like I had a choice” Irane chuckled as he stated: “I see, yes I did ask your children, I am asking all who placed therir mana with me, all who stated to be Valariyan’s. Now I am taking that which I couldn’t when the contract and choice was made. You say your had no choice, well that is true, after all, you had already made the choice. But don’t worry I am only taking the children who marked my armour and It is a one time deal, The next time all who want to be Valariyan’s mut be over 20 years old, and work 10 years under the service of the Valariyan’s for 10 years  as to the end of that service they will be made true Valariyan’s. 
Isoke wondered: “May I ask, what would you have done if I refused?” Irane rolled his head to the side as he looked at her with a dead serious expression: “I would have taken your core and consumed it right now, asthat would be a breach of contract. I make it a point and a restriction that I can’t directly interact with people’s cores without their consent. I like to keep it like that, but contracts are different, you all stated to be of my people, and the contract was sealed when I moved you to those bodies, Now I am simply collecting your cores and placing them in my universe, when you die, I will indulge in your core.” Isoke looked at Irane and noted:” I see, understood. Thanks.” Irane smiled in amusement:”You are a very interesting woman, you have lived aa very long life and a very interesting life to, I look forward to the day I get to consume and know your core. Isoke Mvel. 

He did this witht all the Apexian who marked him, all as this occured Evelyn took her son Nevir Revyn Junior and Irane Jr. with her, she was worried it was the end of it all, she never made the pact to be a Valariyan, no she was an Apexian. And thus she had the right to leave, which she did in that stormy day she ran back with those children. 
She ran as she also got a message from her brother passed along from Saga to her when he was here with Ember and Taliya. The letter stated that she needed to come back as their father dead and also how he needed her to bring him Irane Jr. The son of Ember and Irane if possible. She was never truly loyal simply working as a spy, a fact Irane knew which is why he assigned Audis to watch her, but now he was distracted as he was pulled into the Valariyan state to offer his core, to Irane as he did. She escaped in the commotion of that moment. 
Now Summari and Nighla were powering the shield and making sure Tulla and Sentia weren’t destroyed as in a moment Irane seemed to be in the by the gate. The storm epicentre was here but the storm almost seemed to pass around the city. Around the territory of the Apaxia as it became the eye of the storm, as Irane walked through the gates, the Apexian opened their eyes, no those who opened their eyes where Valariyan’s those who offered their cores, and now had the golden mark of the emperor upon their bodies. Irane simply walked through the gates the people looked in awe, and shock and then some saw the horror as a few people standing between them simply moved as though they were machines, and emotionless, some Valariyan’s who didn’t accept the deal didn’t just have their core’s taken. No he made them mindless puppets as they moved abound manifesting the flags, they moved and almosting dictated where they needed to go for some people., They were directed to the Royal palace as they all walked in and stood around the Palace. It was terrifying as many 15% of the 10 million Primals who state to be Valariyan’s refused to offer their cores, and thus Irane simply took them as tis counted as a breach of his law, his contract. They had failed and thus were to be used as the emperor Tools in literal sense. As they were now no more then the extension of the emperors will, additions under Urial’s power, the power of Unity to unit and co-ordinate external elements and cores that aren’t part of the body, they are seen as nothing more than robots now, being who live for his will absolutely. They have expressionless faces now that show no emotions, but the stiff features of the person, their face like a mask and no emotion of life in the eyes. 
It was terrify as some children saw many of their parents who refused the deal moving as such, as the people came to understand the true horror and lengths of what if ment to fail Irane. 
Irane moved forward as in a sudden moment he tapped S-Apexia on the ground and his mana steamed all round the palace. The city seemed to come to life as Iris took control of city. It was already built to be a supper complex magic-science merged tech, a system that allowed the city to be alterable as now Irane used the power of Iris and his very own blood to extend it, his mana pulsed all over, as The Entire city seemed to rise up, and they all saw their whole world change before them they watching in wonder as the Emperor, As Irane simply restructured this city with a Meer tap of his spear. It was amazing too see. as the whole Palace was altered, and the city of Paradise altered, they were all in a room, the palace was now a gleaming with a golden aura. As they saw Mira and Pandro emitting an intense amount of energy as they entered the will at 80%, their powers were unleashed as though Irane commanded them, they mana simply complied with the will and dsign of the Emperor as Pandro Activated this Living spell form and added onto the the city, altering and expending, creating a massive mana spell arc as Irane reshaped the city with Iris, then with Mira he unleashed his emotions onto his people, his full set, but now in fury but a stream he used it to make them see the full expense of his work, from his emotions, as they saw what he saw. 

They were shown the scale at which the Emperor design was set, as they saw what he desired, how the empire would look with the whole expense of land before them, ,their terrorty, the full terrorty of about  15_000km in all direction from Paradise, an impossible distance as it also covered the main-known teleportation points connecting Orians to Limbo and Earth and the ones connecting Earth to Limbo to Orians. Note limbo is a in all rights an impossible inter-dimensional plain, which stretch in all direction connecting a billion worlds. It is also the most mana dense place as it is the place that connects the Pillars plain of existent and their mana into the normal plain where Earth and Orians are. Limbo is the point between, the place the Primordials called home. a plain of pure mana…

Now He showed and they marvelled at his ideals. They were somewhat shocked to, it was amazing to imagine it to be frank. He said it and expressed it with so much of his emotions as when he completed showin them Pandro had completed a spell sequence using the very mana of Irane, while Mira drew the Emotional mana being absorbed and produced by the people, as it was enhanced by Irane’s effects of people cores, they saw it and their emotions where in awe as she spoke with author: “Hear me my Apexian, You who stand here, hear me and hear me well. I have completed the kept the promise I and desire of the Primals, I have slain the ensured that the Arke twins are now no more that a beast and a Tool in the service if the houses in Orians. They are nothing to use but things now! I have done this, and with that I have completed the promise I made the Primals, I have ensured that their enslavers and tormentors became nothing more than a dream. They are now dead. The Promise I made as the Eighth champion is now complete. And I have also come to sit upon my throne. 
My Valariyan’s I have fulfilled the promise I made to Valariya Hallow, to the mother of Urial Hallow, I have have completed the task granted to me, now I stand here as not your champion, but your Emperor, He who stands upon the anvil of creation, he who commands the force of destruction. I am the Core of Cores, the Ultimate Tool of Kazemi. The Emperor of Apexia. 
I am Irane Kazemi!!! 
And your do well to never forget it!” 
He roared as Enari unleashed his mana forming behind Irane, he was unleashing his very Aura, His Force was reforming their world around them, while his Aura made them all kneel, they knelt as though it was natural, they entered the positions as naturally as it was to breath, They all bowed down low, As they prostrated themselves before him, The Palace was built around them, as Irane Sat and plunged the spear right the foot of the the throne three steps from it as it radiated alll over the city, as Pandro activated the spell, Iris flowed Irane’s very ‘blood’ all through the city, It flowed like an energy and Ore of Gold and pure of all mana elements as it spread all over, fowling the channels set, then Activate Pandro’s spell, merging with him and the city channelled and all whole city ingnited in a glorious light, as he golden ‘blood’-Mana-Force pulled through and Iris remade the city, then Irane sat done, on the thrown as It became the Flag of Apexia and the beasts moved back, and the mana’s of all 15 colours pulled all over the design, it was marked with A high back, of Blue, Red, Green, on the back, then White and Black on the arm rests, with 5 will colours over the higher section of the throne, as thorough stands for others simply a step away from the thrown, the 3rd step had S-Apexia on it, as it showiness there were others, Then the Armour of the Empore perfected aligned with the throne, and he seemed to merge with it as his mana pulsed from it. The shield around the boarders where now powered by his main armour as Irane noted: 
“Upon my flesh a wear the armour of sanctuary, The Armour that guards Paradise, the place upon which the Emperor rests his core, surrounded by his Valariyan’s!
They all cried out in one voice: 
We are the Apexian’s: The people of the Emperor. 
We ARE VALARIYAN’S: his will made flesh through Irane
Us who serve and are one with the Kazemi 
We are of Apexia, and Emperor Irane Kazemi!

As they cried out, Irane sank back and took a deep breath out in a moment the his mana was not longer pulsing as a high density, but at a steady output, as the city starter to since golden, with many complex mana-strcutures. The city of Paradise, was in all rights a marvel of Magic and Primordial-Technology. A mix of Spell Arts, and the mastery of engineering as Pandro would pass out shaking from the experiences, and Mira would suddenly pass out from her standing point, the people who where now like machine moved to the lower level of the thrown as many of them moved about the new massive structure as though pre-programmed to move to a certain place. The people watched in confusion as Isoka called Milla nand Audi over to help with Mira and Pandro. Audis was told to take over with Criya on what was going on, as Isoke checked on The Armour, she tried touching it but she felt a deep immense hit from as Irane softly told her: “Don’t touch the armour, Right now its basically my skin, you will be consumed and destrouyed, So move back, I’m okay, I’m used to going all out forward, but I still need to learn how to decrease and weaken my core, I was so used to just dying and needing to push to max, that I never thought of booing back, I need to deal with that. 
Listen My core right now is emiting at about 80% of its power, I’ve shut it down, but it takes far to long to go back to below 75%, even then it will take some time, for my core and body to reconstruct fully, Under the armour, im basically a punch of fully lit cores, they need to be drained of their excess energy. So I attached a system where the whole City will function of me as its main power supply, the shield and the whole defensive array, even all the major and minor power and mana requirements, I set it up, so that Pandro’s living spell Art is linked and reactive with only Kazemi cores, thanks to Mira allowing me to attack you all through your core emotions editing to fully.” You all the energy you need. Pandro will known how to operate and expand the system, Listen Mira is taking over, with Pandro and You on her sides. I need all of you simply protect the city. Am I clear. I will be out for about a year powering down. And regenerating.” 
Isoke shocker her head as she gauided the people around, as the very city seemed alive moving her to her core’s desired location. It was amazing as she looked back the Palace was massive and she had just come out of a golden orb, as his core was in the very centre of the city. The golden core in the city, The Palace, was the centre and the power core of the city, as she looked around the city was indeed a marvel. 

In a sudden moment as Irane closed his eyes within the armour we cut back to Arai, Hope, Zoe, Summari and Nighla who were now within their seal, as they were cuddly pulled deep into the core of Irane as they were in the mind scape of this conceptual nature, in a moment they all stood around a being of what seemed like a fading but expending dark-light, it was the direct component of Irane’s Harmonic-Chaotic Nature of Irane’s core. They were deep in as the being missed at then as she spoke: “Ah, Its a pleasure to meet you properly Arai Kazemi!, I see that you brought back my command cores..” As he said they all pulled closer, to him floating around him he stood as Irane with now dragon features, he looked not like Z but Irane, the main form with a deep smile. As he spoke to them with a non-vanishing smile, he didn’t stop smiling. Unless o mock them for a moment as though to scorn them. He laughed a bit. It was a deep laugh, but he stopped as Arai looked at him with defiance as she stated: 
“You don’t scare me, I know what you are now! Your nothing more than a command personified, the conceptual nature of the tool brought to fluation when the last 3 commands were set. Your nothing more, than his consciousness.’ He laughed a bit as he added: “Don’t you mean we?” His smile was now even greater as he added: “I won’t lie placing a command to create seal with the cores of those you love around me was interesting, it took me some time to fully comprehend, I even had to send alter and tie B/C and D/E and made each into 4 and setting them together. Im glad I was able to at least bring those 2 into… no your names are Summari and Nighla, forgive me, im still adjusting. After all I had to in order to to get around this seal of your!” 
Arai’s eyes widened as he stated: “You know when the seal was designed and set, I took a gamble. I’m glad we can see each other.” In a moment Hope asked directly who are you?” This was new to her as he looked at her: “Come now my Empress, Well well me say, I am the subconscious of the tool, born when ordered to Live, The will of of a primordial made bare. I am Kazemi’s Primordial Will. and you all are acting as seals around me. You set this seal to keep my nature within Arai, but you have no idea what you are messing with, none. You think you do, but I can assure you, you have no idea what the hell Irane Kazemi truly is, None. 
I promise you. Me and you control how the mind of Irane Kazmei preserves reality under which lens. 
As you make him more human, I make him more Conceptual. But I never expected a 5 command to actually bring the being to actual life. But that’s fine, As we know Irane will never give up, I can’t wait for the day when he uses 100%. Oh I can’t wait.

As they all woke up from the dream, each of them were in the medical centre in the Grand capital of Mana in Orians, now as it was said they were out for a whole month. Aliya ran in and grabbed into Arai, she was so glad they were okay as Assa, Dio, Leo and Rui entered to, soon they were alone after the doctors explained that there bodies seemed to have been going through a alteration, their cores seemed to have altered their bodies. It was unprecedented. As they even stated that they elect that their cores power went over there scale of level 10. Thye all passed out and have been in the hospital for a month as the doctors did their best but even they had no idea what to do. 
Aliya stated that she was out for a week, noting how terrifying it was for her, she was being passed not by just spirit but many, all the parts of Irane’s spirit entering her, it was a horrifying moment. 
They all talked for a while as After they all left, the 3 woman simply looked at each other for a moment. 
Hope asked: “You know I think I might hate you Arai!” She said as Zoe followed up with: “Honestly me too.” Zoe added while Arai noted: “I hate me too!” As after a brief silence they all started to laugh, it was really the only reaction left. Shock was pointless now. They had been shocked enough, now it all just felt like a dream, a joke that didn’t end. One none stop joke of the impossible, one impossible event and the other,  as Zoe laughing added: “You know 20 years ago, I never would have assumed any of this was funny…” She said as Arai added: “You spent enough time in the core of Irane and watching him and you realise the world really does work in a un-comprehensible level.’ As Hope would add: “So in short we’ve all lost our minds, cause that’s the only explanation left.” They all started to laugh again as Hope stated: 
“So no matter what, he must never ever using 100% of his power, or else we will all suffer a fate far worse then death?” As Zoe chucked: “Maybe hell give us cookies and hugs, after all Arai did make him love us all in a twisted manner.” She laughed as she paused and stated: 
“So Summari and Nighla’s cores were created from our mana, all three of our mana and the mana from the Primordial Dragon God - Kazemi. And we also have the same cores within our bodies that irane set up. We have the same class cores, the highest core he can ever make…” 
Arai stated: 
“Yep, with time and training we should be able to grow accustomed to using its power more and more, but the issue seems, if all 5 Drive cores, are activated, and all 5 will cores are activated, they will activate 100% of Irane’s Power, ginning him the subconscious of the Primordial that Arai changed using our cores?” The one who makes him want to eat and consume cores to understand and live.” 
Hope now cried out:: “I’ve had enough of this all. So we are all connected to each other? Meaning of used my drive, it would affect you 2 slighting, and if all three of us use it it will force irane to what a greater state?”
Arai shook her head as she noted: 
“The drive and will act different because of some additions to the seal made recently: My mind make him human from 16% to 49%, but the point if is the 35% limit. Iris and Enari are still in a seal state allowing him to only use a max of 49% for a short time, but if he starts to use more then 35%-49% then all our drives and wills will be used to charge us, but he can use 16% - 35% without affecting up, and even 50%-75%. Now the issue is if in that 16-35 or 50-75 state we all active out drives and wills, then the 10 aspects of him are active at once. 
We can’t active the drive yet without affecting him, and those who have the will can’t access it without affecting him either. Each time we use his will t doesn’t affect him and the more we all do it, the more he is altered ot his full form. Look now, I’m Sure he can’t even more after using 80% of his power, and we were each knocked out for a whole month, imagine him…” 

They all took a moment as Hope and Zoe jumped into the same bed as Arai as they all seemed to make a vow: “We are in this together, we will make sure he never ever, goes to 100%, well be his core guardians with your Arai! They all both said as they went to sleep. 

Back in Paradise, Mira and Pandro were still dealing with the fall out, as Pandro hadn’t slept in the last 3 weeks, and Mira also couldn’t sleep, she was to busy planing, she couldn’t stop… There people where all amazed about the emperors plans and his vision, but she was the only one who saw the the scale and emotional weight this empire held in Irane Hearts. His very core, Pandor was busy looking through the city, Irane had made him create the spell sequence for the city of Paradise, but he didn’t just give him the blueprint of control him, no for Pandro he was within Irane’s mind which felt like years had passed as Irane showed Pandro how make the spell, the spell he made in reality in seconds. And Irane showed him the Innes and outs, even talking some of his suggestion int the design, It was everything Pandro wanted, but the effects of Mono and the Grimoire plagued him as the ideals the made to expand the city were to many, he was sepdnign his time tryign to deal with them. 

It had been a month as Isoke had had enough of Mira and Pandro who were in all rights trapped under Irane’s will. As she asked to get serious and do their tasks, as they told her they were, Pandro explained to Isoke that the city of Paradise was in all rights a Tool, a physical extension of Irane of the armour sanctuary and that his cores energy leaking from his armmour was powering the city, all of it, as Pandro stated: “That armour is both our radar and defence around the whole of Paradise. All of Apexia. It was the armour that prevent attacks, on major scales, and that Irane was busy even as they spoke crafting more of his Empiric class weapon.” 
He noted how the core city was now a Tool structure, a ever changing tool that obeyed the commands of the cores of Kazemi, meaning every Valariyan can in all rights use this city like a living tool. 
Its is powered by Irane’s very mana, his mana of all natures. This city is a sanctuary and a Paradise now. 
If you need water you simply touch and the city provides, it used the mana of fire for heating. It is a city with all 15 elements. Ofoucrse Time, Space, and Life/Death don’t show much, but with the Time spell the system works almost instantly, and records all commands and function, tracking all at once, then space give a full view and channels for different mana. We can even use and combine elements for our desires. Than they added Life/Death. Damn our bodies basically heal on their own in this space, his very mana repairs major and minor injuries.
Pandro stated he was studying the city and he still didn’t understand 10% of it despite having worked on the spell making it function, but he didn’t just know everything. He knew how to. 
Soon the Valariyans accepted their situation as Mira noted to all of them that they would move out and capture the cities of Hades and Ether next, and they would have them secured and part of the empire by the time the emperor awoke. 


Now the area was still dense with mana, but the storm was gone, now the Ferali and Celestials who were all freed from Vraka and Selis broke of and started to merge with the mana around them. Their old personalties from when they were Primal of Ascen were now gone as due to the mana of Vraka, Selis and Irane, it allowed them to evolve and change as the Ferali would all be true beast, with more fierce nature, they were true beast and they were on a different class all together, while the Celestials formed into pure combinable being who were able to change over and over, like living machine, with a central core to them A central weapon. They were complex and powerful. These 2 being where the new residence of the area as they now start to evolve and change due to the mana rich environment. They were monster of a different class, even more powerful then the old forms they had as each seems to evolve with many being level 5 and 6, with medium amount being level 7 then in extreme cases a level 8 Ferali or Celestial would appear. 
They were feral as they no longer obeyed their former masters, they were causing chaos and Mira used this as a chance to push them back. They captured a few here and there as thy advance. 
Now Terra actually requested many of these captured Ferali and Beats so they could be merged with humans. 
He noted how hey knew that of a human got a core of a beast or Tool directly they would gain a core and be in control of it, as Mira added: “And be able to be influenced by the nature of the Tool or Beast, even going feral. She knew what he wanted, Terra wanted to make an army of human with cores as she warmed him simply: 
“We of the Apexian Empire will not help you turn your humans, your people to weapons. We will not aid you in any way and we will kill any human who is altered and loses their minds. They blood will be on your hands, not ours!” She stated as he left and started working with the Humans in Sentia to create weapons to do this. 
Now Terra didn’t hide his intentions as he made it public information, and they also wanted their support with many of the elderly signing up, as they noted how people like Isoke who was around 300 years now had a human body in her late 30s, they saw it as a second chance, to revive and be of help, as they did it, thousands of people died and failed. Unable to bare it, Pandro intervened with Mira’s Approval and provided them with a way to train for the moment and how to parctice and become one with their Tool, or Beasts. As many moved and learned under him Terra would continue his work killing more and more. But regardless it was a success and with the aid of Pandro and Mira teaching them how to change and not surpass the nature of the tool and beast and how to be one with them. 
Their teachings were soon set as required on the humans schools, as this would allow more of the humans who were turning 21 and choosing to have cores entered. The biggest issue was due to the power they saw, many humans saw this as away to truly survive. They noted how a core and mana was the only conceivable way to live. 

Now there was another event as After Evelyn left and returned to Earth she meet up with her brother. Then a meeting would be held as She gave Jr over to his mother. Who now showed him his 2 younger siblings. It was a tender moment. Sadly the child would not enjoy a simple life as the Plans of Alex(Aevum) and Minia would see the boy bed as a powerful asset and tool for the Primals Empire!…
Now Summari and Nighla were heartbroken to see that their brother was gone, even Urial was quite sad as he was his best friend, he was also close with Nevir Jr. too. But still Irane seeing how sad and worried they were revealed to them that they could chat up on him, as he told them that they all entered his universe when they sleep, and that there was a special place where all his children cores could communicate and interact in his universe and their minds. 

But they needed to be asleep at the same time to for it to work, a few weeks passed and Summari and NIghla started to sleep in shits. To see their brother in their dream…





Tulla, Sentia, Hades and Ether

Sophioterra: City of the Spirits - Tenma, and Pino

Note in the kazemi section: Update the Kazemi Principle weapons: 1. Blade of Perfection -> Blade of Apex; 2. Blade of Creation -> Core of Tools(Note alter description from a sword to an orb) 
Kai: Energy-Wind-Ice; Chaotic-Light
Nex: Nature-Fire-Water; Harmonic-Dark
Aliya: Energy-Wind

Aliya ressurects Kia and Nex and makes their corposes carry Ember, Vesper and Taliya out of danger. 
Terra Night (Earth-Darkness; Harmonic-Darkness

Alex vs Dio and Leo

Note Irane hates sunsets 

Sethma Prescian(Life/Death-Earth; Chaotic-Darkness core. Oldest child, Male); 
Julia Prescian(Time-Energy; Harmonic-Light core. Second child, Female)
Nevir Revyn Junior(Life/Death-Ice; harmonic-Light core
Tyler Ores(Electric-Light; Chaotic-Light core){Son of Dio and Milla}
Milo Nexal(Time-Energy; Chaotic-Darkness)

Ziphora - True name of Z