Part 9.5: The Formers Around the Core!

Kazemi Irane: “All things that have a beginning also has an end. To Create is to also destroy, and to Destroy is to also create. Change is both destruction and Creation. That is what I am, Arai called me an Engine of experience, that isn’t off the mark, but it would much better prefer to see myself as an Engine of Change. The Ultimate Tool of change… But in reality my choice are limited. My birth took 87,999,970 years. {Age must be 88 million years by the end}. Do you know why I envy you Irane Kazemi? Because you have a choice, a genuine choice, but what fascinates me the most is that despite my desire to die, you choose to live, you always choose to live. I always choose to live, so what is about my younger self that makes him want to live, what do I want to live…”
Enari smiled slightly: “No baby would ever choose to die. A child cries out so as to be feed, they suckle and do all they can to drink their mother’s milk and to live. Look at Irane, that version of you hold the most truth of life that could exist, he loves all the cores he has made, but still even after being ordered to Love Arai, and thus to love himself, he still values the lives of his 30 main cores as his most treasured.” Iris added: “You seek to understand why he choose to live? The answer is simple, because he wants to see them grow. Just like how you created the Valariyan’s, you could consume their cores now but instead you let them be, you have them grow and live on with the only order set to be one of simply living their lives.” 
Kazemi smiled: “Irane C. Kazemi - He who chooses to wield the emperors core, he who chooses to be the emperor, he who chooses to live… Choice is what makes us human, the power to choose! Still doesn’t really answer my question, well regardless it matters not. When the time comes and it will Irane Kazemi will choose to die, and when he does I will finally die. I wonder when he… no how long I will take to make that choice… I wonder.” 

Part 9.5.1: What makes me, me?

{It was raging thunderstorm raging forth from the sky. Crimi was bound in chains with all 6 Core Tools and Beast of Mother Nature and Father Time before them. It had been 5 years since the last events as the war between the Humans and the Primals restarted after the Kathara stopped flooding into earth. They started to stabilise with the environment. The reality was it was Irane who repaired the rifts that Vraka and Selis had made to send their forces to Earth. They were still in the early process of being sealed properly, but the major ones were now sealed up from the Limbo side. 
This lead to a calm from the Kathara, which lead to a return to the war, with the humans killing and acquiring all the 6 weapons. Only then was there a reveal. With Crimi coming to have a meeting with the human leaders she would find them all dead with Terra being the culprit. Then he would reveal his allegiance to Alex, and the More Clan. Stating that he was under their rule. As in that moment Alex would appear with Irane Jr. and Issac by his side. }

“What do we do when we believe we have no choice. When a lie becomes reality, no what is reality but the perspective we have of the world. There is nothing but chaos, yet the universe still flows to harmony. Living creatures, intelligent creatures, no Humans are chaos incarnate. The Orians and the Primals. And even the Apexian’s. We are all chaos, and chaos does nothing but cause more chaos and errors. Irane Kazemi is such an error. I being born as a mistake. He shouldn’t exist and yet he does due to the chaos I created. Even I must admit I find myself amazed by it all. So Crimi Night, there is only one thing I want and that is for you to explain, just who was the man named ‘Z’? Just who is the man who succeeded in the trail. Who is the man enslaved to Arai Nexal. Who is Z?” 
Crimi was in a shocked state at all this as she looked him simply in the eye: “So, you’re under the impression that he’s Z? I’m curious, have you spoken to him, have you seen him? I have, long before the final conflict and I can assure you that man is not Z, so apologies but I can’t answer your question!” She said with a shaky but firm voice, in that moment A wave of water flowed all around her, locking her in place and strangling her. 
“You’ll tell me about my father or I’ll cut your head open and look at it myself!” He gripped tighter for a moment and lessened his hold. Crimi coughed for a minute then started to laugh slightly: “Father, really you… are you sure, I’ve also met his children. His daughters and I must say if you really are related to those 2, then you must have inherited all of your genes and core from your Mather cause you just don’t match up.” The remark enraged him as he break her left arm and right leg. The sound Crimi made was deafening. His was enraged as Terra remarked: 
“She won’t talk, I can assure of you of that. But there should’ve been a record with all your father info, but sadly I couldn’t find it. So we have that issue to deal with.” Alex moved closer to Crimi: “So were is the book?” Crimi laughed slightly: “Oh, if you want it, you can have it. It’s sitting on a shelf in Paradise, in the office of the Emperor! But that shouldn’t be an issue to get to, after all, you are your father son aren’t you? It shouldn’t be an issue of your a Kazemi.” Her words were sharp as junior snapped her neck in a sudden pop. Terra was silent as he stated: “Well that was quite cruel of you, I expect a full sample of your sisters DNA for taking my mother like I-Jr. He was silent as he grunted in frustration walking out furious. He was silent at his rage. It took alot to get her Alex placed his hands on Juniors shoulders: 
“You must not allow yourself to lose focus. We know the location of the book, of the information. We will be able to get all the information we need on your father. But for now I need you to focus. Your next role is one of critical importance. You are to be the leader of the humans. They may not know your Irane Kazemi’s son, but you are, and I have seen him perform miracles. You are special, no matter what anyone says. You are able to use level 5 magic at such a young age. You are exceptional. So prove it!” 
Alex turned Irane sharply so they would be face to face: “Right now you must take the lead for the humans. The Consa clan will be leading the humans moving forward, and you are the head of it, you are to stand by Minia. You’ve proven yourself already, but don’t be a fool and act incorrectly. You are royalty, and the humans must see that!” He nodded in somber silence. 

They returned back as Minia would try and comfort Junior. She was 3 months pregnant at his point as she was carrying his child All a part of the theory she and Terra were creating based on the cores of Kazemi. They had already seen the effects of Alex and Ember having create a very rare core and a core only having 3 known individuals with it. Now they wanted to test it out again with Minia as they wanted to see if the child born from her and of Irane’s son would have any special properties. 
This was considered project Alpha. Now there was a second project taking place in Orians, as Terra would note how he was able to acquire to successfully create 2 level 9 Kathara, which each having nearly all 15 elements missing only the one Ferali missing harmony, while the Spirit missed chaos. 
Now his plan was all based on a secret fact. He had 2 bodies from Kazemi’s lab. He was the one who aided Vraka and Selis in the war to aquire the more special human bodies Irane had, as he would give them 8 while he kept 2. And he was planing on placing the cores of the 2 level 9 Kathara into them, after acquiring the DNA of Summari and Nighla. Now his plan was set in Orians, due to a major point. 
In the location, the southern territories were transformed from the explosion and infestation of Kathara, who came through. Now the tree in The Forest had given life to the 2 beings Terra required. As he entered Orians and gained the trust of the Orians, with his knowledge on the Kathara, even though these were far more powerful, and more vicious, they were still the beasts he know well as he would aid them in containing and holding them back, even forming the Area now know as the Forest of Last Night - surrounded by the black trees of death, it was now a place none of the Orians moved ot, but terra was able to quire 2 level 9 Kathara. And had them saved preparing for his plans. Once he obtained the bloods of the children he would be able to complete his plans. Even now he was more than happy to offer his aid to the Orians, even helping with arming and weaponising the Kathara as they prepared for the war with the Primals. The time was nearing as the storm in Limbo was nearing its end with many smaller mana pathways already being open allowing both sides to spy and investigate on the others. They were united in the gaol of destroying Arai and Irane Kazemi after all they had been through but they knew they needed to deal with the Primals and earth first. The 2 sides were gearing up as the massive change on Earth took place. The humans in Apexia received the news directly as so the Apexian’s found out which caused a mired of different reactions. 
“The Humans are now lead by the Consa clans, as Minia Consa & Irane E. Consa{Osiro} would now be the main leaders of the humans after the human leaders all agreed and voted on it, though it was more for show but it was a clear move more or less, to bring the humans under the Primals control. The human’s had mixed reactions as information and the known history of the Consa clan came to be know and also the history of Irane serving Minia and the Consa at one point. None know that Irane Jr. was his son, as they assumed Ember just named him that. Very few knew the actual truth as when Irane Kazemi heard the news, he didn’t really care. For he didn’t even know him that deeply, which is why he much less sympathetic to the cries of his daughters and shock at the news. They noted that Irane didn’t care, but Kazemi would care a lot about. The sitauation was indeed strange but Aliya was the one to remind them all of the false documents and data on Issac and Artemis. Irane also added: “If they are planing on creating a core of Kazemi from Minia’s womb, then they will be sadly mistaken… But I do have a theory based on Arai’s theory which I agree with…” The room was with all major actors in Apraxia. He looked on as he added: “The real fact of the matter is I can’t have children, cause in reality I don’t have DNA anymore. Each and every one of my sells was altered, even in this human form, they are just cells with cores. But the Design core is special. That core does in fact have the full design of all his Arts, and in this case he would probably create a core similar to the Original Core…” Irane paused for a moment as he explained: 
“The first core created on record weren’t The Mind, Body or Heart cores, as they were made from pre-existing mana. Nor by Kazemi’s mana, the first core was a core with all 15 elements. A core which pulled from all the natures and elements. From the primal mana and the ascendent elements and greater elements mixed of Time-Electricity, Space-Energy, and Life/Death-Nature. That plus the mana set of Kazemi who was seeding the base of the 5 prime elements of Fire, Water, Earth, Air, Ice. This is a theory but i do think it’s possible that if Minia does fall pregnant from Irane Junior then he there is a high possibility that that would be the core type that comes through. A possibility of a core like that would be a very dangerous thing indeed…” 
There was a pause as Aura remarked: “I’m confused, I mean would a core like Nighla and Summari be born again, or something?” Irane shook his head: “You need to understand one fact, in the case of Nighla and Summari, their cores were all created long before their bodies were made. That original core is in all rights on amazing core sure, but in reality, it was an early prototype core. Trust me I’ve seen the designs of it, it was powerful sure, but it was far to much of a core, and it was far to unstable by the design.” In that moment Arai added then: “I know that Summari and Nighla’s cores are unique based on their nature, but if a child of such a core would be born, than they would be a situation of Mana again, a conceptual of that scale. One who as a child killed elemental forms. Tell me, can you even guess what kind of core ability they would have. Conceptuals are different based on their cores. I long thought he had a core of Energy, but that makes no sense, so the only explanation was he had the core of all 15 cores, and we can back that up by his 4 children: Gaia, Cronus, Vraka and Selis. Make no mistake, those children are in nature Primals, or better to say Coreporial beings. All tied to him. Mana was the very bases of Magic in Orians. Arke brought a new class of power. If a child like that is born in the Primals camp, they would weaponise them…” 
Irane nodded as he added: 
“It’s still a theory, and besides this is all set on the assumption that she ever does carry his child. I mean come on, doo you all truly believe that Minia would go that far. I know I don’t know her well, but I mean, that a new class…” Hope snarled: “That woman is insane, I would be shocked if she isn’t ready set up on doing that, with a child no less.” Zoe shock her head as Irane added: “Enough, we will deal with that when the time comes. In truth I truly don’t care about all of this as an event. We need to see this as an act on the board. The Primals are moving and connecting to the Humans. And they have also ordered all the humans to return immediately. As far as I am aware, we signed of all deals with the humans, so we won’t open those channels up yet, even with this ‘change in management’. We will return them when they formally come here and say it face to face, otherwise we won’t acknowledge	their demands. We need to keep a close eye on all the players. 
In that moment Mira remarked: “I must admit I find how much Alex has been able to achieve and do to be rather impressive considering how he was back in the day. I remember when he used to drool over Sofia, and cry when we had him hand some difficult assignments. To see how much he has done is truly impressive.” Irane added: “True… we need to make sure we weaken them for the future. We can say as long as Taliya is the leader the Wov is not a real threat, but the Osiro clan in fully set by the More clan after Ember and Alex got married. Those children are already set up in all rights. Issac shall take the throne, while it seems Artemis might take the Osiro clans positions if anything happened to her mother…” 
“Maybe we should limit our issues, and remove the current head of the Osiro clan of the board!” Irane stated coldly, there was a hint of annoyance and anger as Mira remarked: “You’re not being honest with yourself, getting angry over the situation?” Irane was angry by what was going, more then anything he was angry with Ember and how he simply gave up the son of Kazemi, and used him like a political tool. He was furious and doing all to hide that as he turned: “We will keep a close eye on the Primals. For now our focus should remain more on the Orians in all rights. Seeing how much had changed there it worries me what rage and anger had built up. Especially seeing as they think we sent those Kathara on purpose, I can’t believe what they did to that location, but still to ruin a whol region for revenge. I can’t say I don’t understand and that is what worries me, they have a genuine reason to want revenge. I would rather avoid conflict for as long as possible. A mother 10 years of no direct conflicts and I would be confident in our chances.” 
Pandro chuckled a bit: “Forgive me, I just find it funny how much you’re over preparing for this.” Irane added: “Well apologies, I would rather be over prepared then under okay. The last thing I want to do is have to relay on Kazemi to deal with the matters of this place. We will be able to defend and crush all those who come at use. I want you to understand one major fact Pandro, someone is going to win that War and I can assure you that the winner will take all they have and throw it at us the second they get the chance. In all truths I wish this pointless conflict of theirs would end already… its been going on for 1000 damn years, even you guys share in the history of this war to(Looking at Zoe, Hope, Arai and Aliya and, Mira. It must end, even my hands are all over it too.” 
Criya in that moment asked coldly: “Why not just force them to stop, I mean we could just over right?” Irane shrugged as if he also thought about the same thing as he added: “In truth Apexia is vast, we have in essence a whole world. One nearing earth, we haven’t even started using 5% of it, not at all. I don’t want to get involved with other peoples issues, and besides, if there is no absolute winner, then there will be resentment. Even though there will be regardless of who wins. Someone must win!” 

Isoke spoke through the mumbling: “So do tell oh our wise and noble leader, he who wields the cores of Kazemi, who do you think will win this war?” Irane looked on at Isoke as he shifted his gaze over to Aura: “I suspect by the time Aura turns 19 that war will end. {Aura was 14 years old at the moment} and I will say the Primals have currently for the first time in history have the higher chance of ending this. 
In truth they currently have the humans and their bodies, the full power of the Wov and Osiro clans. And most importantly, they are fighting under one banner, and one true leader and it is evident. That is their power, Clear Unification under one absolute power. Alex More has more than proven to be the true leader of the Primals. I wouldn’t even be surprised if he started addressing himself as King. It would be earned. But I won’t count Axola out completely. He may seem weak, but he did run the Military assault on the Primals as the champion was active for the Primals. I know you all say he was a major reason you lived, but in all truths it worries me, how so much blood was still lost on their side, Most of all the Orian’s aren’t shy about launching children into war. Even now their schools have been reset to their former savagery. I still can’t believe they have been being a human a sign of being weak, and have been showing weak warriors into human bodies as a punishment. Insane… trutly insane.” 
Irane was warroried in all respects as he knew full well how terrifying the truly devastation an Empire and a system like the ones in Orians would have if it wasn’t managed carefully. Even now Arai noted how Irane was thinking about using Miho Nexal, Nina’s son as a piece to rule over the Orians empire, especially as in all rights he had the actual heir of the empire. Arai spoke as though answering his question: “Don’t even think about it, I won’t allow this Empire to be a dictatorship that forces peoples to do as we want. I won’t allow it Irane, we won’t ever take that road. We can’t control the Orians anymore and it’s my fault. So we need to accept that and just prepare for if and when they come for revenge.”Irane moved back on his chair as he looked at the data on all the major players in the war as his eye lingered on Irane Jr. for a moment, then back to Alex and Axola. They were the true actors of this war. The ones history books will write about for ages, as the war that has lasted for more then 1200 years was about to truly end, or perhaps better to say the first true ending of it. These 2 man would make history, as even if more conflicts arise, they would have legacies equal to Cith More and Dulla Vane, who were seen as the true starters of this war. They would now take on the role, as the war would soon commence. 

Irane directed the room as he spoke directly: “Listen and listen to me well, In the last 5 years we have been fully focused on dealing with the fully seeing up the 10 elemental cities, and also the full repair of the dimensional rifts those damn twins left behind, we have it nearly done, so now I have decided on our official formation moving forward. This will account for all matters moving forward. Note it all done as law and right, all who are present here are Valariyan’s. Even this eof you who still have time to complete, you are still Valariyan’s still. As this will count to your work. In terms of siocial ranking I want it to be clear on this front. In terms of Empiric Ranking of military work: 

- Squad 0 - Kazemi’s(Emperor) person champions: Crimi, Nina and Adri set as those who ensure that Emperor’s desire are met
- Squad 1 - Summari Unit: Special internal unit. Mostly set on military and special operations. The more elite military unit. With Julia Prescain as her right hand, and Niro(Aka Illumination) as her left. The squad is set as the most elite and special unite for the more direct offensive operations 
- Spaud 2 - Nighla Unit: The Covert Unit: Mostly focusing on dealing with special targets they are in all rights the assassins of the empire. His invisible blade cutting in the shadow. With Milo Nexal as her right hand, and Tunde(Digger) as her current left. 
- Squad 3 - Dokia’s Unit - The special Unit assigned as the elite destroyer Unit, specialising in absolute anialhation of the target and present. Unilke the 2 unit, they are a nuke as their blade. With Sethma Prescian as her right hand and Masamune as her left hand. 
- Squad 4 - Urials Golden Knights - A Unite consisting of the most special armoured automatons. All above level 6, Note that even though Niro, Tunde and Masamune are part of other units, they are fully part of this squad, but more of a curse. This squad is a fully set armoured units each designed my the emperor and modified by Urial though his ability, connecting them to himself, like a cell given a body, which full control. But also like a living machine, the subject would have the installed personality of the person they were but fully loyal to the emperor and Urial, they operate within Paradise and stand guard around the empire throne. Only those in this squad get such a privilege. With Apolo Ferran as the right hand and Tyler Ores as the left hand. 
- Squad 5 - Zoe Military Force - The largest and most set military force, a set of fully heavy weapons. It is a Force assault squad built for siege and hand to hand combat. Master of Techniques and skilled in close hand to hand combat with his ability with Mana-Aura and beast. With a few special Mana-Force user with tool win the squad, those of the more heavy and armoured combat and transport types mostly. But the Unit is fully set with devestainly powerful beasts. And Demons. Set with Isoke and the right hand and Assa as the left. 
- Squad 6 - Hope Empire Unit - The special guard unit, mostly set with Tool and Mana-Force users with few exceptions of Mana-Aura and Beast users. This unit is more on the special of the special. The specialist units for scouting, intelligence gathering and battle field positions. They are the long range atliery unit with the most divesting weapons of mass destruction. The Angles of this unit are weapons of devestaing power on all fronts. They are the social Arial and even aquatic battle units to. With Milla as her right hand and Konnar as her left hand. 
- Squad 7 - Arai Ascendent Unit - The unit focused on intel and strategy, they are the minds of the war, focusing on using received data and ensuing all intelligence is verified and systems are functioning to were they are needed. This is the mind of the who army fully set with special officers. They also do the innovation and weapon tuning of the war machine, even handing medical and health servivces. The machines and doctors, in the form of special super trained soldiers, who also have high skill in combat and ability. A truly higher level squad. Noted as the smallest of the major squads. 
- Squad 8 - Kazemi, The Empiric Champion Unit: A full call to arms as this squad is lead by Irane Kazemi with access to level 35 - 49%, with all the other 12 squads leaders as members. IN truth this is a full call to arms as the full deployment of the full military might of Apexia. A absolute last resort. 
- Squad 9 - Aliya’s Phantom squad: A special Unit focused on infiltration and impossible infiltrations and activities. A squad that is said to not exist hiding and operating in the shadow as an extension of squad 10. Lead by Aliya flanked by both Nina as the left and Adri as the right acting as connecters and inspectors of the whole units. Squad 9 also acts as an internal police squad, ensuring all units are following the rules and laws. And also ensuring that Kazemi’s will is truly being observed. 
- Squad 10 - The Military Academy: All members of the squads attend and come from this squad. Acting as a reserve unit, set and lead by Aliya as the main leader, and having leaders of squad 1,2,5,6,7,11 draw their pool from here as well. With special cases made for squad 0,3,4. This is the education system set to evaluate all the those who enter. Assess their ability and also seeing the skills they have and placing them were most appropriate. This is decided by 3 process, set as one is the military choice, decided by the leaders of the squads who make their picks for whom they want in their squads. Then the second being a direct recommendation from Irane Kazemi, this is his person suggestions. In most cases it mostly aligns to one of the squads who already made and 3, their own person choice. Though most don’t follow this, a recruit can request to serve in a different unit for a limited amount of time, to which they can prove their worth for it. 
- Squad 11 - Pandro’s - The Cast of Kazemi’s specialist unit on either spell or technique: This squad is a special squad as it also incompetents into 3 specialist squads. This unit focuses of the full use of Spells and Techniques in order to compete their missions. They are fully masters of the crafts of using Kazemi’s Techniques and Spells. This creates 2 very special units of Spell and Techniques. This is resolved as the squad is locked with the 12 Division. In this way the squad has a total of 10 captains. Each captain is one of the leaders of a elemental city at the moment(Fire - Konnar; Water - Audis; Earth - Isoke; Air - Aura; Ice - Criya; Electricity - Jade; Nature - Assa; Energy - Pandro; Light - Miho {Summari}; Darkness - Tunde{Nighla}) Each of the elemental leaders can be called upon as members for any of the divisions, though each do have a spell and technique grouping, the leaders ensure proper set of Art’s are mixing in to force use of the others abilities. 
- Squad 12 - Mira Grand Empiric Military Wing - The Squad with the best members of the other squads. It is a mix squad that hands all the co-ordinating and decision making of the whole Military. This squad ensures that all is according to the needs of the emperor and his will is set. This squad is the heart beat of the Military with even the authority to issue full on war(squad 8 deployament) so is the power the squad had. Mira has Irane Kazemi(Champion-Human) As her left hand and Arai Nexal as her right hand. Having them both be fully available to also lead and direct while also advising. With the King Irane being both an advisor and weapon of war, in this case. And Arai used for her mental ability. With Mira being the core as she was the most strong of will and had the personal connections. With Arai with her time as Cai they grew a genuine freindship and this was no new arrangement either. With Irane he understood he role, the one who makes sure all actions align with the needs of Apexia and to unleash his power on the enemy as he the champion of Apexia, as its spear and shield. 
These each will work as our military formation full controlled by Mira, Me and Arai. This now each squad will have members and will also train and grow each of your total capacity, note that it is fully set. Now Military Training will be a required subject for all children of Valariya from the age of 16 they are to take the needed classes for squad 10, but no child below 21 will be deployed, and even then after 21, there is a 3 year full trainig set, but you can choose it at age 18 and just carry on after age 21 for the war. 

That is only for military, now for Governance. As you are all aware, Apexia is 2 sections at the moment, with the region encompassing Tulla, Sethia, Hades and Ether around Paradise is only accessible to Valariyan’s, and with 10 Large cities all around Valariya’s fields. These cities are built with 2 section, the core, and the outer city, the core city is were the elemental beasts will be and only the Valariyan’s can access that region as its a fold into Kazmei’s Universe and Into Sethia. Now Sethia was also connected to the other 10 cities, as this allowed instantness deployment of the military forces to any of the cities, or moving forces around to each section of Apexia when needed. The cities were all names after the elemental beasts. Now if we have a map with Paradise being the centre, Tulla would be North, Hades South, Ether West and Sethia East. 
Then The city of Energy would be North of Tulla, 
With the city of Light and Darkness extending outwards on opposite direction with the Light city in the North-East and The city of darkness North-West. 
The city of Fire was East by Sethia’s side and the city of Air being far west by Ether
The city of Lighting was South East with the city of Nature was South West 
The city of Earth was South By Hades with the city of Ice was more East of South, more South though along side Earth. 

Each of the city leaders have already been decided, the central sections of the cities are folded space and won’t directly interact with eh world so no need ot worry about Apexian’s entering, and we will have out full military soldiers set in them. Squad 4 will assign units. We have a large enough number of weaker automatons, fully ready, mostly level 5 and 6, but still very good, and unique each. From the those who failed.
Now we must always remember that codex and we must be ready for all that comes. In terms leadership, I will not look at those in this room and lie about the truth of Apexia. This Empire and its truth nature is set so we will make it clear before all here. 
1. Lord Kazemi C. Irane is the absolute power of Apexia, there are none equal or above him in any regard, his will is absolute. Set in Paradise, The Capital and main location of the most powerful and complex system that both power and control Apexia’s cities and shields. 
2. Lady Arai Nexal is ranked second noted as the Goddess with authority second only to Kazemi, currently stationed in the Kazemi Academy in Tulla training the next generation. But make no mistake her authority is absolute. 
3. Lady Hope Apolo: Currently in Ether, the forge and industrial city, the heart of the machine of that is Paradise. And Apexia
4. Lady Zoe Navar: Now I want it to be clear 3 and 4 are equal, to Arai in full authority, meaning if Arai makes a choice both of you can negate it together if you disagree with it. Stationed in Hades, a Large Biome of nature connecting different natures and places, the current place Enari is calling him, calling and even forming Kathara around him. This is the more natural enviormenet with special building and homes for the different biomes. 
5. Irane C. Kazmei(Me) In currently set in Sethia as its main guardian and leader, Sethia is the Capital of the empire and the location all Valariyan’s call home, even those connected to Hades, Ether, and Tulla. It is also the only place the Apexian’s can enter freely without issue. It is the largest city made to house a 3 Billion whenever needed, It was a massive complex city with massive combinations from the other cities. Cause a unique atmosphere. 
6. Mira I. Ardent: Currently set in Tulla, duty over watching over the internal police and special security forces in Apexia. You’re the law enforcer. 
7. Pandro Prescian: Currently in the City of Energy city - Shiva: The city is a gold mine of mana and seeing its proximity to the city of light and darkness and better yet Tulla it only makes sense for me to take advantage. Working on studying new technologies, also working Tulla in the Kazemi academy set as the Gand Master of Spells. Under Arai who was set as the Grand Master of Arts and of Mana. With Urial stint as the master techniques, young but for to brilliants to hide. Working on new technologies and mana’s in the city with the core beast of pure energy. 
8. Aliya I. Nexal: Currently in Hades working with the large beasts and people there. Helping with the training and watching over the people. Running as the Oracle of a way, with her soul ability, and also working and learning the ways of Isoke in becoming a Priestess of Kazemi. Isoke had been made with power as she created more and more systems in place with the emperors blessing, such as making a temple for direct lessons on order and faith. Belief in the reality of cores. Making Arai the heart with her bing the 1st Valariyan. Hades was a testifn ground, a place of pure nature and raw elements and the city was a paradise, with Nature all around trees large and side connecting allowing for massive bluilding all around the nature section, where Aliya made her stay. 
9. Summari I. Kazemi: Set in the city of Light - Amaterasu staying there as she was the only one able to handle the beast of light while also keeping note that the city is run by Illumination(Niro) as she just had her duties there. She was still a full time student staying in Sethia with her father and sister. 
10. Nighla I. Kazemi: Currently assigned to the city of darkness Nyx - run by Digger(Tunde) with Nighla having her duties there, she is a full time student living in Sethia. Now note squad 9 and 10 are equal and noted as the right and left hand of the emperor.
11. Dokia I. Ceadus{Navar}: Currently in hades learning and running the main medical unit. Working in the Hospital in hades as s full time doctor while also working in Sethia still learning on how to treat normal none-Valariyan’s. Noted as the personal doctor of Irane Kazemi. 
12. Urial I. Hallow: Currently in Ether working on the armoury and automates, while also set as a full time student he is working on understand vehicial and armoury tools for his weapons and bodies. Set as the current head on Techniques in Tulla working on teaching techniques and also learning as well. A very multi talented family. 

Now I also wanted ot highlight the following, The Kazemi clan with be set as The Empiric Clan, With the following being set as 
Royal Clans: Nexal, Apolo, Ardent, Navar, Prescian and Hallow
Then Grand clans will be: Ores, Suin, Mvel, Sin, Alge and Neel clans. 

I won’t count Veil yet as Aura is still growing so when she turns 21 then that will be set. As for now those are the main clans. They are rh ruling houses as we moving forward, each will be granted a banner for their houses all designed by Milla and destained by Milla. Note all for the military unites as well. Squad 0 will have the empire flag, along side squad 8 and 12, with them having slight alterations as to difference of office and power. This is the power system we will live by. There will be no alterations to Kazmei’s law. I will be still be doing as I do with the war preparations. 
As for your tasks, you already have them, so carry on as you have. 

As he said that There was a large disturbance as a guard appeared noting how Irane Jr. with his sister Artemis wanted to come and visit. This was a strange request as it was set as more family and personal instead of work related. He wasn’t sure about this meeting as he spoke: “I would rather not, but in all rights Summari, Nighla, allow your brother in and watch over him, I will pop in just to see him if find the courage and remove my fear.” He said with a cold expression. He later had a chat with Arai as she would note his thoughts: 
“Do you really not trust him, your own son?” Irane shook his head: “You know my mind better than anyone, when I came to I already had deep knowledge on most matters. I knew how my body worked. I had a beyond scale understanding of genetics and core creation. I know all of this as though a person knows how to simply breathe. But with people, it is different. I know their cores, but seeing their faces is new. It’s like seeing a new person. I know Summari and Nighla as cores natures of elements but when I first saw them, It felt overwhelming for a moment. Seeing their faces and haring their voices as they are was new. I know that Irane Jr. is in all rights my son… no it’s better for me to say he is Kazemi’s son. Nighla and Summari are as well, but it’s different with them. They’ve always been around, there was no I missing time between seeing them. Junior on the other hand feels like a stranger to me personally…” Arai expression seemed saddened by his words, feeling slightly responsible for his mental condition, but it was what he was thinking that truly worried her: “I understand that part, but… you really think we can’t trust him?” Irane moved back with a cold and still expression: “Betrayal never comes from an enemy, he had been within the enemy camp, and no matter what you might assume, he is a child. Summari and Nighla along side Dokia and Urial may seem like extraordinary children, but they are still nothing more than children. Smarter and far more adapt in life but still children. I have no doubt that there is a high chance that his loyalty is towards the Primals, he was never a Valariyan and he was raised by the enemy. The only real reason im allowing this is cause of how much Summari and NIghla want to see their brother. But I don’t view him as such. He is a potential enemy, which is why for the duration of his visit I want all three of you(Hope and Zoe) to remain in Tulla, Ether and Hades as usual. Avoid him as much as possible. He won’t be able to access Paradise or those spots.” Irane signed once again at the ideas flowing in his mind. His sadness at the simple fact he needed to treat the son of Kazemi like a suspicious person over a normal child as he asked Aliya to keep an eye on him from the side lines. Arai added once again: “I’m sorry… if it wasn’t for all that occurred…” Irane cut her of immediately: “Don’t blame yourself, blame Evelyn and the More clan’s desires. Him being there is the fault of that woman, so don’t even begin to blame yourself, in all truths this is Kazemi’s fault, him allowing that woman into Paradise was a mistake, I know it was during a time all the Primals could becomes Apexian’s but still… well whatever, we will deal with it as needed”

Now we must note that the last 5 years have been a tough on them. As Junior has be fully and wholly on ‘saving his father’ as he was training under Alex and Minia alongside Issac, while Artemis was more undercooked by all. She was more focused on dealing with the Osiro clan matters, being mostly watched and looked after by the elders of the clan as Ember was more occupied by the war, while also being more focused on Irane Jr. and Issac, as they were with people whom she didn’t trust in the slightest. Artemis was so involved in the clan that she was permitted to wild one of the 3 great treasure of Cronus. Now it was a different time as now the old weapons were altered, and this age was fully different. 

The Age in Apexia in the last 5 years were all fully set under the full reformation and requiring the 6 Grand Tools Of Mother-Nature and Father-Time, after which they were altered and changed based on the use of a strange Art that Alex know about. It was a forge technique which would allow the 2 Beings(MN and FT to connect right to their father Mana and draw power from the source of his mana.) This was strange that the 2 of them knew about the technique as they did so and remade the 6 weapons: Fully altering the old Tools which used to be held by the old human families now returned in to the full services assigned to those demanded worthy: 
The Wov Family - Taliya Wov - Mother Nature: 
1. Life/Death Phoenix Beast - Nevir Prescian Jr. 
2. Darkness - Leo Proud 
3. Air Beast - Qin Navar
The Osiro Family - Ember Osiro - Father Time  
1. Light Tool - Artemis Osiro 
2. Time - Vesper Wov 
3. Ice(Glacial Order) - Mora Apolo 

Now the main leaders had these assigned, with Toma inserting Leo and Nevir Jr into the Wov clan to act as more watchers of her. Taliya was getting more and more skilled in the past few months and her growth shocked Alex as she also started to draw more and more Primals who were using tools under the creed of the Wov and ensuring that they aligned it. There was a sectioned rule that all Primals who were to obtain Tool or beast form the Wov and Osiro would align to the creed of their clans and also be fully under their law and control. This was the aligns made but Taliya unit was become more and more elite. She started to gather and do far more catching the eye of many on the Primals. He installed the 2 men to keep a close on on her. Now Leo was found wondering in on of the more contained section of the Limbo storm. He was wondering with Rui. Left for dead as they believed after the incident of them escaping. As they didn’t have the marking and shielding from Urial, they were stuck in the space between, a rift within space was where there were for 2 years, forced to fight Kathara to live and survive. It was hell for them as Rui was at deaths for when the forces from the Wov clan discovered them on a hunt for Kathara. 
They were given over to Alex who offered the man sanctuary, using his knowledge from his time as Simon to calm and assure the men he knew them well manipulating them as they would speak: 
Leo and Rui were still in the main infirmary in The Wov camp in South America were they were currently based, focused on dealing with the Kathara and becoming expectably skilled and amazing at it under Taliya. Now Alex would enter the tent alone to speak to them, it was a cool afternoon with plenty in insects and animals around there outer tent. Alex was calm as he spoke with a more sympathetic voice: “It’s some time hasn’t it, we’ll it has been a while since the war, and you are Rui If I”m not incorrect, oh I had plenty of info from your battles under Hope indeed. A true monster a nature storm of mana they call you. And you Leo, well I wasn’t all that suprised by your ability and reports. The black lion, the terror of black flames they called you. I wonder though, seeing you both in such a state, what could have happened. I wonder, oh I wonder. You know we could ask you friend Simon, but we can’t because he was killed and abandoned by Arai.” The 2 men shifted back at hearing that, Leo remember Alex from the war, he was never the cold calculating type, always the brash unserious type, so for him to speak like this was a new for Leo, But more then anything he didn’t expect him to mention Simon, making him wonder what he truly knew as Alex would add: 
“Oh, I know quite a lot you see. I can make people speak, and even a seasoned spy like Simon, well it did take time and alot of blood and pain, but he did speak. SO I know what your little Emperor planned and how he wanted to ensure all the Primals and Orians had human bodies. Well I don’t really fully grasp the full aspect of it, all I do want to know what you 2 know, why did Arai and Kazemi destroy the Ascen nations cities and towns, and you will explain to me what they have planned next!” His voice was a roar of anger but calm intensity as well. It was now that Leo spoke though: 
“He did it because Arai Ordered it, as far as we were told, Arai ordered the Emperor to destroy them all after discovering that she was some long term plan made to serve the will of Aevum. Made by Niro and the 2 clans of Ardent and Nexal. They were apparently using her and growing, her for their needs, even showing her all they about her work as proof, and that both broke and enraged her enough to order for not the cities and towns, but every single monument of Aevum to be destroyed. That is why The Apexian’s sent his children to Dokia and Urial to come and get her, Hope and Zoe noting how dangerous it was now for them to be there and also returned to keep them on trail for their crimes and misuse of Kazemi’s power. That is what SUmmari said…” 
Alex was quiet for a moment as he added: “SO Arai is still in full control of Irane Kazemi… Interesting, that might be a problem.” In that moment after he accepted the reality of it all after hearing Leo betray them and speak, he though back to that death inflicted by Dokia, all of that pain as he spoke what he heard from Urial: 
“No, according Urial, the son of Valariya and Dio… Lord Kazemi was forming a way to ensure this never occurred again, it was sometime about him becoming human and splitting himself. I wasn’t sure on the specifics. But it was clearly about how Irane wanted to be separated or locked from Arai’s influence.” Alex took in the info as he loudly remarked: “So your saying the machine wanted to block out Arai… I still don’t fully understand you Irane Kazemi… What are you, and what makes you work?” 
Leo noted: “What do you want form us, or are you done with all of this now?” Alex moved closer to them as he remarked: “The war shall commence again soon. The Wov clan has confirmed that the most of the major rights have been sealed while others where in the process of it, Taliya started moving to containing and taming many of the more powerful beasts. In truth her abilities have shown a terrifying jump as of late, and that was after she spoke with the Apexian’s. In truth we all know she was trained by Irane, but we didn’t notice the progress of that girl, not until her brother turned his back to her and the clan. 
At the moment she is n a full war tare, I can assure that Taliya Wov is a woman I want to keep by my side, but I also fear her ability and alliances, the same goes for the Consa, I trust Minia but you 2 might now just how terrifying she can truly be, right now we plan on her and Irane jr to rule the humans in the future, but we need a lot more from them. I will make use of you 2 in my service, as you Leo will join the Wov, and you Rui will join the Consa!” His words were direct and to the point, he was ordering them not asking as though they were already under his service and had never not been. Leo wanted to speak up but held back as Rui spoke out in a shocking tone: “And what makes you so sure you can just order us around, that will even be loyal to you?”
Alex looked on at Rui for a moment and his gaze shifted to Leo, they 2 man where still in beds form their injuries, in a sudden moment Aled moved and grabbed Rui but the neck and his uninjured arm all will not braking his gaze with Loe. His eye were locked on with Leo as he planted his right leg into Rui’s stomach in quick rapid stickies. His mana though was all focused on Leo and in a motioned he broke Rui’s jaw and crushed his left shoulder, looking right at Leo.” Do you understand Leo? Or is the message not clear?” Leo nodded as he remarked: “yes, so please stop and get him help.” Alex left Rui’s agonised body down as he walked near Leo. He looked him in his eyes. Alex moved back as he allowed medical personal to enter. 
Leo looked on as they moved to heal Rui. Noting how painful that was to watch. In that moment Rui was healed in a cruel way as a way to keep him more contained, his body was heavy with Tool augments. His Force-Mana was perfect for this, while he served under the service of the Consa Leo was assigned under the Wov, and in the span of 3 year grew to be a fully set student of the Wov and even the weirder of one of the 3 Grand Beast of Mother Nature. Now in the missions to come, tally would also be more involved with the Osiro through their forced aligance but also noting on her promise to watch over Artemis. Noting the state at which the clans were operating she would take the chance to train her personally and even teach her many times forming a real teacher and student relationship as Taliya would also share her secrets and stories on training under Kazemi a few years ago, as she would even give her a person seal on her body, saying that he should show it the ‘The Lord of the Land and he will offer you an audience’ She said as a cryptic redial, even placing one of Qin who was still enjoying being young once again as also by now fully loyal to Taliya at this stage, would be ranted a marker as Artemis noted that she was going to go to Apexia with her brother. Taliya sent Qin Naver(Life/Death-Air;Harmony-Light) A fully seasoned warrior in the form of a young man again as Taliya would note him: “Hey tell me how Zoe is doing if you can Qin.” Qin was a very quiet older man, fully turn but stoic and loyal, but now he was loyal with a super energetic expression as he screamed: “Don’t worry, I’ll make sure to tell her exactly how you feel okay!” He said with a cheeky smile. He would keep an eye on Artemis for her. As Artemis would bring a close friend of hers Mora Apolo (Glacial Order — already created) who was a fully different man now who was fully under the lead and duty bound order of his clans auth to be under the Osiris. The Apolo creed was his whole life as he now was one of the most honoured of the clan and receive a Grand Tool of Cronus - Glacial Order - Ice Tool — Segmented Bracelet, Space-Portal Hybrid. 

Now Artemis was going to Apexia 5 years later with her brother Irane Jr. he had stated that this was simply him wanting to come and finally see his family, and that was true but he wanted to also Gain access to some info, in truth he was truly nervous and hiding his true fear. Many idea’s of how this could go wrong, and the most outrageous ideas he could come up with as opposing to Artemis who was truly truly excited. Now Junior was accompanied by the royal gaurd who was lead by Rui, who was in full amour going by the Title - First captain! He would come with 3 others as guards, even though they knew full well this might be a sucied mission. Rui was terrifying as well with more worry that they might mind him, but also over his anger at what occurred in the escape. He was fuming with rage, over being put all through that. 
The Jet moved in the air quite with Artemis’s excited chats with Qin and Mora filling the air as they entertained the child. On the elite guards moved closers, as though offering aid, she moved closer by as she examined him and asked him quitly while her communication to the 3 others was open: “Are you sure this is wise, you’ve bee sick for the past 3 months and only now started feeling batter, this is dangerous, your pushing yourself to much.” I-Jr. Was more agitated then ever as his face showed annoyance as though he was about to simply lash out. He had been erratic ever since that night he vaguely remember with Minia, he had been feeling comply off since then as the doctors noted how he had the signs of mana posing. The theory was he got mana poisoning while being trasnported by Evelyn when he was younger, but it was only showing now. But still his mood was also different, he had killed Crimi with no hesitation just a weeks ago and now he was heading to Apexia, to enemy territory to obtain information on his father and to also confirm the info on him being ‘weaker’ or out of the control of Arai. 

Now as They arrived down, they were directed to an out section of the city, far of in the far outer edge of Sethia. There Summari and NIghla were waiting eagerly for their brother to land as SUmmari was showing more excitment while nIghla was trying to keep it cool. They aged up a bit these 5 years by a lot, 
Now we need to note the events of the last 5 years. Irane Kazemi would notice and evaluate all the warriors of Apexia noting how wonderful their skills were and ability as well as discipline, but note how horrible they all seemed to be at the basics. Noting on how much mana they wasted and how they wasted most of their movements as he saw how they were horrible at using spells and techniques, and even over used there demon and angle forms, as well overused the Drive at all times. Even during training as Irane would create direct sweeping reforms seeing this as pure insanity, noting how Horrible of a job Kazemi did in their basics, and how it showed that they were rushed for the purpose of war and that they needed to be emptied and refilled. All the Valariyan’s as well as major Apexian units were all reassessed by Irane as he would make them all partake in releasing basic mana control, and basic spell and technique marshy, and also fully revision on using genie tools and beasts properly in different states. This was the area Hope Zoe and Arai found the herders to deal with as Irane would teach them each: Zoe: How she didn’t know her limit, and what life/death mana truth was, as they would fight with just pure physical combat as Irane would show how Zoe just did things automatically and not consciously which wasn’t bad, but she didn’t fully comprehend what she was doing on a conscious level which was dangerous. 
She was a master with the techinques classes scoring the highest score on that as well as Beast use. But she was horrible with spells and was assigned to be trained by Pandro in spell arts. 
Hope was a more balanced person who was a master of Tool manipulation and was amazing at spell and mana combat, a perfect mid to long range fighter. But even she was weak with techniques and using her beast form Dima effectively. So she was assigned to Urial to master techniques. 
Arai was more of a problem but also a master in certain aspects. She was to good at mana control, so good that she was able to perform the spells and Technique into an art perfectly, but this made her unable to separate the 2, the spell and technique, and so she was trained personally by Irane in his special lessons with his daughters who were in fact also having the the same problem as Arai but on a far worse now. 
Now Summari and Nighla are conceptual of the core process of core creation from mana, the full process, plus the start and end of all process of the main core(Kazemi - core) Summari has a core which has the actual promethean mana, that creates all mana types and also is the most basic and rawest form of cores, allowing her to connect to spells and use spell types with any mana requirements. But She had 0 comprehension of Techniques, As they required a full core, a perfect core set. Which she had, but as a conceptual she didn’t understand it, and lived with the drive active allowing her to share with her sister the complete picture on Techniques she didn’t understand. Now that Irane cut their drive, Summari couldn’t even perform the simplest techniques and thus was unable to use her arts. She was great at using both her demon and angle form and hybrid form with her angle form being the one she favours. Now Irane was forced to teach children that comprehended the world as their concepts to see it more openly in a new lens, a feat of near impossiblility, but he was managing though restricting them. Having Summari stay with Zoe and living with Dokia in the most days, helped her get more of an understanding of it by being near the primals core. And even Urial helped a lot, 
Now Nigihla was the opposite with her being a master with techniques but now unable to use spells and thus arts to. Now she favoured her demon form over her angelic and she was more direct with her moves. Irane made her stay with hope learn more on magic and spells. Now we need to note her that the Spells and Techniques the Valariyan’s use vs the spells the rest of the world uses is vastly different as its based on whom they pull from. All of the Valariyan’s have their cores ingrained with their original core so it has those techniques imbedded but with time and practice they can be evolved and improved on. 
Now Arai also helped with the training with Irane creating a rotation for their benefits. 

Now Summari would stay with Hope and Zoe from Monday to Thursday, with Arai having them from Friday to Sunday, this would alternate with Irane and were he would be at time:
- Mon - With Zoe
- Tue - With Hope 
- Wed - With Arai
- Thu - With Zoe
- Fri - With Hope
- Sat - With Arai
- Sun - Alone with his children, a day he just spends with them alone
This was made so he would also be in multiple places in different time of day, Irane didn’t sleep often, in truth he just needed a 48 Full sleep cycle to truly recharge for a month. But otherwise, when he sleeps he is in mental simulation of him planning and also planing and dealing with scenarios. He has a super computer type mind. Now we need to note on how Arai, Hope and Zoe also statered to add to Irane’s life, with Mira, Dokia and Aliya. 
Now Irane normally has 2 modes, his normal human sand the champion form(1%-15% - 16%-49%) Now Irane normally uses the champion state to 35% as a max though using Enari or Iris only but after at 36 - 49% he uses both. Now he sees his time as the champion as a dream, as in that’s state his mind remembers all the event from his day 1 to now as he lived it, which slightly alters his personality, but still it is him in a more raw form. 
Now he uses the empiric champion form only for dealing with major issues, and training. Irane’s mind and body as well as mana system are still tied to his main cores as he is in his human form, he is more manipulated by his elemental and primodial cores, all those 20 cores, which at the moment are unassigned. Now his Drive cores have full power over him at 16 - 49 % while at 50 - 99 % its his will cores at full power. Now we must note that at 100% Irane becomes a conceptual entity of primal universal knowledge and exitance, and loses himself in the cosmic knowledge he obtained. Becoming a true monster, or Kazmei believes, while at 0%, now this a special case only set when Irane in his human for uses the empire tools. Pure havoc, no human should have access to God class tools. Which actually just a ssplies to him. The rule is so set that Kazemi created a subconscious blocker to ensure that Irane can’t approach the Tools without feeling pure unfiltered appliefied dread, as if he does use it, it is a hell of a moment. 
So Now the Drive and Will cores are the primal cores of Irane main core, Kazemi core. Arai and Aliya offer more assistance with his mind opperations as they assistance subconsciously altering his mind and view based on the spirit(Aliya) uses and the mindset of Arai. This is how his mindset is altered from supper serious to a lot more relaxed and open. But both are still the kind and gentle man who is over the top and dedicated, just in different filters. 
Iranes core is aided by Mira who channels his emotions and Hope who can tap into his very system and ensure all is set and his forge is set. Now Mira was his emotional weigh. The one person whom he truly leaned on. With Arai, Hope and Zoe it was more of a set part and relationship, but Mira was in all rights his true anchor. And the woman keeping the man okay. Acting as a consul and advisor. Mira holds the highest authority and the closest position to Irane. 
Zoe is the one who handles his body. Healing and checking on all issues. The main person who operates on him is Dokia. Irane allows it as this is the best way to teach her, so she is now the official doctor of Irane kazmei, Summari and Nighla. Initially she used to abuse them, as she made an unholy number of mistakes, unable to see the individual cells. But she soon got better through time and practicing on them. It was hell. but she finally entered a level where she can treat Valariyan, with no major issues, but she still is in training. While also working in the Sethia hospital as an aid, while practicing and healing Irane and all those who have Kazmei’s core. Being perfect for her. 

Now it was during this time that a few events took place:
After Zoe found out about Arai and kazmei having slept together a strange competitions grew between them as Zoe would show her more jealous side, which lead to her cooking more higher level foods for Irane when he was in Hades, this lead to her trying to replicate the reciepy that she saw in her memories of her core, even using Enari to get more access, would be able to remake the stew: Now on this day they would have it as Nighla (Note Summari’s was also here on this day as she and her sister were working on a project) would add how the stew tasted nostalgic for her but it was basic, while Summari would note it as the best thing she had ever had, that it tasted like a long forgotten memory and the best sweet taste ever. This was added by DOkia as she said it brought her spirits up, but then Irane noted how it was a good stew, nothing amazing, but ut was good. For him, as even Assa would align more with Irane on the rating, noting it as a very good and sweet stew. Zoe was shocked as she would stop cooking for a week feeling defeated. It was then that Irane would take over and cook on the next day, making his favourite food which was a simply large chicken made in special way that Zoe’s mom taught her. It was the food she used to have alot as she grew up In a large home, so her mom made sure to make somethign that would suite everyone. A special simply blaoiled chicken made with a special mana to draw out the liquid after and make a favourite of different sources all with tortes or simply flower disks, Irane made some with sweet and sour suaces and cheese to. As he added: 
“This is my favouytire cause It allows me to have a childen and mix and match with all the different flavours, its like an adventure, cause I just randomly pick a sauces” Nighla noted how they made a game out of it when she first made it but they were disappointed when she stopped as she thought it was to simple. Zoe felt a little teary eyed in that moment as she realised how much she actually cared about his words, as she would on this day say she loved him in front of everyone. Which was passed for a moment until Irane froze as he processed her words. They hit him hard making it hard for him to think of anything else. But those words. Even worse she said it with her very core, he felt those words and her core on her, she had a massive effect on him making it hard for him to focus for some time a fact Arai noticed and made fun off him for it. 

Hope also played along as she got to know Irane more and more. Now Hope interacted more with the Champion version of Irane(16%-35%) as they were working on the spacial rifts, Irane needed to be in this level to do his work. Mow the issue was how Irane in his forms was effected differently, as in his human form the cores that had the most effect on him were the elemental and conceptual cores. But in his champion from he was able to fully hear the cores of Hope, Arai and Zoe within himself a bit vaguely as he would though act based on their cores action. On example was once Hope and Irane complete work on a massive rift and were the last ones to leave a location together which prompted Hope to wonder what he would do to her, and what kind of feelings he had for her. Irane was more direct on this as after returning to Ether he would show her, just how much he cared. This would lead to Irane in his normal human state walking up feeling like he had the most insane and impossible dreams as he note the memories of his champion form like a dream. And the dream was Amazing beyond his understanding. He had Zoe in his normal life and Hope which for him felt like a dream state of a fantasy. It felt like a more direct torment for the moment. Now this continued through the months as soon Isoke would find out and reprimand Irane like a granny who just found her grandson from doing a horrible sin. 
Now Isoke was able to create a number of laws alongside the laws of Kazemi which he set. One of the laws was no one was allowed to have children outside of marriege which ment that normally sex was forbidden as an act as this would lead to children being born. But Irane wasn’t all that worried as he understood that in order for them to get Pregnant they would need to have one of the conceptual cores active in them. Which they didn’t have. Now though Irane was still toured by Isoke for his actions as even he was shocked he was doing so much. As he tried to just forget about this. Now in the background Hope and Zoe were in full war just to see whom Irane would choose as Arai would simply watch the 2 think and scheme knowing full well how it was truly killing her as she was connected to his mind. 

Now In a meeting a few months,(1 year after they all came to be Valariyan’s ) Now Kazemi the emperor normally wakes up and manifests every 4 months, so 4 times in a year to accept more Apexian’s who want to be Valariyan’s or to also welcome new Valariyan’s. While also just speaking with his people and simply being awake. In truth Kazemi did it to power the city, as he could only properly manifest in his 50% form in Paradise within his Throne room. As he emerges his mana is collected and used to power the city. Now it was on this particular meeting 1 year later that in front of everyone as Irane complete his time, as he was about to return to Irane Arai would speak up, noting how she would like to get married to Irane Kazemi. Now Kazemi knew full well why she was doing this and in truth he didn’t want to deal with her anger so he simply agreed, noting how he would allow them to go through the process of marriage. Now in Apexian there are 3 rules a couple must follow before they get married, 1. Is they must have been dating for at-least 5 years(As this shows longevity and also time has gone with them together). 2. Now there are special rings made for a couple, when one proposes they must offer a ring made form their very mana and own hands. And when they do properose, they must accept and the other party, must also after some time do the same and offer a ring from their own mana. Now this is a symbol with is used in the final step for the Valariyan’s specifically. Now Valariyan’s must undergo a process known as core exposure, which is to expose and show one’s very core to the other party. This allows the other party to see all the memories and event in each of their lives. It’s to know you partner fully and completly and fully. It was a fully terrifying note as the emperor noted that those who plan to spend eternity with each other must know each other fully and whole. Kazemi placed Isoke in charge of this along side Aliya. They work together as due for the Temple of Kazemi, who hanle more spiritual matters. Now Aliya was connected to all the souls of every Valariyan who died, she had full access to their souls to a limited effect. Now After Aliya started training with Irane Kazemi, she learned how to focus and manifest multiple souls while still having one main soul in change. Alowing her access to more options, like she was able to manifest 3 so far, 1. A person she killed while her drive was active, 2. A beast or tool of a Valariyan who is dead, 3. The said Valariyan. Now the 4th is always with Aliya as the base set be Valariya. But Aliya can focus and manifest just one with more power. Now she was also assigned as someone who was permitted to do this as she mastered the ability to show each person each others cores. 2. The second duty was to help people find closure if possible. She was noted as the Oracle of Kazmei. Now Kazmei ordered Aliya to be the one who will officiate it in 5 years time. This was a shock in that moment as Arai simply said to Hope and Zoe: “You guys clearly have control issues. And you’re over doing it, seriously, I can’t get any work done, so becaus you can’t I will simply lock him out from your access. Even if you did request to marry him now you aren’t allowed to touch him for 5 years.” They didn’t speak cause Arai was right, plus her tone was Cleary one of pure anger, she was annoyed, as they had made impossible for her to do her work. 

Now for Irane when he received the orders was more confused then anything. He never experienced being the emperor unless he was in around 36%-49% does he have a clear memory of it like a dream of the emperor and his empiric version. Its this very thing that makes Irane the human train to hard, he works so hard and is to vicious on himself that his person training routine is considered a death sentence. He over does it, but it is that which makes him to very power. Now in this time Irane worked after a week. When the incident ended. He awake to the order to marry Arai. It was again more of a confusion as it had no real explanation. Now Irane was quite about for a month as people would forget as they had their work to do. Thos who truly noticed was Hope and Zoe and those close to them as Now Irane did alot more of his actual work in Hades and Ether and the productivity increased. Moving the schedule Irane had back on. Now irane would touch Hope or Zoe as he was in truth a man of principle even if every fiber of his being wanted to he could. Which somewhat backfires on Arai as she would have to deal with it instead. But he would even attempt to until 1 month later. It was in a simply outing as Arai was not really allowed to leave Paradise, Irane would actually break that decree of Kazemi, which would shock Arai: “So you want me to come with you to a place outside of Paradise? You Kazemi said I wasn’t allowed to leave as I was still in all rights being trained as a Valariyan for a 1? I’m not allowed to leave.” Irane paused as he then grabbed and wrapped his tail around her: “You make a fair point, then consider this me kidnapping you instead of you leaving, you don’t have a choice!” Arai was shocked as she with a long laugh asked: “I mean I can’t believe you can just break the rules like that?” Irane chucked as he added: “Arai, I choose to follow the law, just as I choose what time I sleep, and what duties I handle per day. I can break the rules. Beside I made the rules by all rights, and I am the one who stands above all overs rights, so as the avatar of his will made human, I can do what I want. Besides, what’s he gonna do if he finds out? Make me work harder then what I already am?” Irane took Arai as he manifested Enari in an elemental phenix form as Irane added: “Did you know that there are restrictions of my abilities, Like with Enari right now I’m at 15%, but I can’t manifest Enari’s true dragon form, he takes one of three forms: Phoenix, Loong Dragon, or Beast(All beast form hybrid, with more amhispys on the boler bear features, but had all main parts of a beast and animals, in this form he takes different animal forms instead of his main, like any beast that a Valariyan has, he takes that from in the beast form. The same on the Tool side as he can only use 2 types of weapons, 1. The blade he has always, know as Channel his first made tool blade, it can channel mana though from whatever mana core Irane has at the time. 2. A random weapon of a Valariyan. Now this is set in his human form. As it forces him to have different weapons and learn with his peoples beast. So Enari in his human form takes the form of a random beast of the Valariyan’s. Now this is all based on the core Type Irane has on that days. So Irane has access to all 15 elements. So Enari and Iris came up with a plan to make use of this, as on certain days he would have a beast and one other he would have a tool. Then his core elemental type was deterred by this. So if Enari wanted to be an Ice-Earth Ground Hog Irane would have a core of Ice-earth for that day, with his core switch to whichever tool and core type Iris choose that day. 
But this is just in his passive state. Were he is set to 1% - 12%, when he starts to get serious he used 15%, were Enari Will form into a evolved Beast(Life/Death or Phoenix(Time) or Loong Dragon(Space). Irane would be locked on an elemental weapon from Iris, all dependent on the elements he started with. He manifest both. But still 15% is more like level 6-7 in terms of cores. 
Now Irane you would take Arai to a place with Enari in his phoenix form moving to the outer boarder of Apexia, it was a fully starry night, as the moons of Ice, Energy and Lighting high in the sky. The sky of Limbo was far more shfity, but here in an unexplored section the sky was truly different as it felt like a new world. She hung close to Irane would made sure the ride was comfortable as his thoughts became impossible for her to read. Arai was confused about that, it was always so strange about it to, when she could hear his mind, his thoughts, but Irane simply didn’t realise it, no he did as he made sure that he was just thinking about her, as he knew he couldn’t see his thought on her. He was someone who was a scatter brain, but now he was putting all his focus on her. As his mind’s chaos was lost Irane would take to a complete different area, one so far it was in access a new area all together, ever further then the plant size region of Apexia, in a place which no logical sense. The area was a Field and sky of impossibility as Irane showed her a section where stars where being born. 
“I found it when I was seeking some special ore. It’s a Nebula of stars where the energies created a special Iron, a very rare type of Iron which we can use in creating all of our Tools and weapons. As well as different technologies. This places excited for millions of years, Its also the place which the material also around Tulla is made from. But on a special time of the year, you can see it, a point when the Nebula is fully visible as thought the space all around is allowing use to see, though the space is folded with allowed us to see the full cluster. Like different Nebula moving in a different length go time. Like we are looking at stars being formed in real time, it’s an insane experience. This is a place which just didn’t make sense to me. I couldn’t even begin to understand what I was looking at. So I just stared for some time. It was just fun, looking at the impossibility of this place, a place which forms this ore, and were we get the most precious iron.” 

Irane moved his hand to told Arai’s right hand as he moved to her right side. We in Apexia have a saying, the person whom is your right hands is the person whom you trust with all you have, they are your star and source. Your light, while your left hand is the person you confide in. The one whom you go to with your darkest secrets. The own who knows you and you know them well. But there are more to it. This whole time I’ve been thinking about how when I think about you, I simply can’t understand you. I don’t even know where to begin with it. Truly you’re a complex person indeed. In my dreams you seem like a Goddess whom I can’t disobey and in reality you see more like a person who just over does it. I must admit I have come to enjoy having you in my mind, it feels almost perfect.” Irane went to his knee as he took her left hand. He pulled a ring from his pocket as he added: “The Ore in this place has different phases depending on how you view it. But there is a special version, the type that is so rare that we only only found 10,000 kg of the stuff in the whole region in the last 6 years… But still its impossible hard to also process it. But till it does make for one special ring. I made with infusing my mana to, it took me a full month to complete it as the processing of this ore took far to long. I used about 4,000 kg of it in its Ore form to process for this ring, And you can imagine just how much mana it took to complete. You never saw me doing it because I was thinking about you the whole time.” The ring was a slender dark blue with many dots all around the cenrtal diamond, which was star within a system being formed. Like a whole nebula ging life to a star in her hand. The ring was in all rights impossible as the star moved around the ring to the other ones, The ring was like a whole system, no a galaxy, no a whole universe if you looked far enough. As Irane added: “Arai, I would be honoured if you would marry me! And take this symbol of the universe, no the scale on which my loves flows for you!” He said as Arai looked on at him staring silently. Still she couldn’t read his mind at all. She nodded slowly as though her body was moving without her mind being conscious of it. She simply stared which her head nodded as Irane placed the ring on her finger. He stood up as he looked at her eyes. He was silent as he just stared, Arai was awe struck, she wasn’t sure what was going on, and it worried her. This was terrifying, like a part of her was just open. Not knowing his thoughts was a terrifying idea. As he simply smiled at her face: 
“If you could only see how adorable you look right now, Arai…” she focused as he moved closer and kissed her, her mind went blank for a moment. Like she was short circuiting. As he moved on her. It was a strange sensation. Different in every way, with Kazemi it was more of a mental sensation, but with Irane he was purely physical. He didn’t hold back. As though he could hold back. He had his way with her. Even set Irane would create a proper shelter all around.” Even Arai wasn’t expecting it, as he touched her it was different, like she was truly feeling her. Like his mind and her mind were one, one feeling the other completely. Nerve to nerve. Irane would be unable to stop as he found every part of Arai. His mind was whole on her and she had no real defence against this blind spot. He used it perfectly as she was forced to focus fully on her body. Irane was a master at finding the best way to pleasure each of him. After all he had their cores in him, even though him his human form, he was least affected by it, being that close he would still tell from the signal his mind was getting. 

She would return with him the next day with eh ring. As Mira would note that it was a very rare material that was able to create a spacial map around the suns, like a special point in its life, with time magic. A tool which would be very useful. As Mira would add: “he wouldn’t just forge a ring, for the sake of it” it was a master crafter tool, fully designed with it. This would be an act as Arai would work with Hope and Zoe in trying to create the best type of ring to present for him. She felt like she needed to actually try as the one he made was out of this world. Mira would recommend she ask Summari and Nighla for help as they had experience with creating Tools and Beasts, and know their father well to. As She would ask them: Summari though for a moment as she added: “Well dad’s favourite colours is Blue, so you could design one like that.” Arai was confused more to the fact that she actually didn’t know that. As Nighla would say: “Create it with the purest version of you mana and form it in the forge. Just focus on the design not on the ability. That ring was made with dad core as he was thinning about you. As Lady Mira would note Your must out all you have into it. The Rare ore was just more to actually just use it cause it is rare and amazing, it’s very unless the person has a level 9 core at-least as it was just to special made. Arai would Agree and ask them to help her as she would spend a 3 months on it as she would devote so much of her energy on it that she started to forget certain responsibilities forcing Irane to work harder to keep up, while the whole time he could feel more thoughts form Arai slipping though as intrusive thoughts form her ring work. It was a different kind of distracting but he pushed it to the side for the work. Arai wouldn’t waste time and on the night she finished it, after bing locked in her lab and the forge in Ether to the worry of Hoep for a whole 3 weeks, she would go right to Sethia on that night were Irane. She had worked so hard on it that she just wanted to just show him, just set and ditty form the house of work in the forge. Irane looked on as Arai with a prideful smirk would show him a ring. This she placed on his left pointer finger as she added: “In most cases one would place it on the ring finger but I must prefer the less romantic side and more logical. The pointer finger is said to represent ones direction, this ring will always show you the events based on all the information I have on it, made it from my core and connected it to Crono moved to also add her ability to the ring. It was a ring that showed the Emporor a lot of options on the path he is about to take, with the full info of my core, and power. Even adding the power if Aliya’s soul’s to include the info from all the Dead Valariyan’s as well. Their info will be added to. You should be able to full use it with Enari in Phoenix form.” He smile as she explained was infectious. She just spoke and explained, on her ideas on the ring, Irane simply added on asking more and more, find more things to ask about her creation. And she got even more excited as she carrie on explaining. Irane simply couldn’t help but enjoy watching her talk about it, as she just wouldn’t stop. She was like a child showing off and invention as Irane played the person who simply wanted to know more and more, as well as someone who actually understood how she was thinking and taking about in her normal talk the more advance speech, one she only used with Aliya and Hope and Zoe. They did now it but she still needed to dilute it a bit for them, here it was just her normal. Talk. Irane would spend the whole night just taking with her on until she fell sleep. He still had work, but he felt like just staying like that as he used his wings and wrapped them around Arai, as he pulled her close using his tali to make a pillow for her head as he leaned back and simply went to sleep. Arai was shocked when she woke up and she was still there. 
She just woke up as Irane was already wake just thinking about her, his mind was blank to her which annoyed her and made her blush as she asked if he didn’t get tired of thinking about her, his other woman would get angry. Irane laughed as he assumed she did this to keep him all to herself cause she thought he was giving more attention to Hope and Zoe. Irane would confess: “You know if I just like one of you it would make life so easy, you know how I feel about it, I don’t like the idea of someone marrying multiple people, I really am against it, but still here I am in love with 3 people and I can’t fully justify why. But I still had a hard time typing to understand how to go about it. In truth when I was told to marry you I felt both relief and terror cause I was worried I wouldn’t meet your standards, after all your the woman who in all rights made the emperor the man he is and so in all rights you made me than. To me your like a Goddess, a woman who stands by the side of the man I admire and inspire to be, to me you stand right next to Kazemi, and now I have to marry you, to marry someone is to be there for them, always and to be a reliable partner. I worry if I can do that for you with all my work. 
But I think I understand now, I love you because your just simply brilliant, your truly as amazing as you seem Arai Nexal. And I won’t lie I can’t make you Arai Kazemi… I can’t wait for that.” 
Arai smiled as she tried to imagine that as Irane smiled seeinf the ideas align with mind, in that moment though she asked directly:”And what will you do with the love you have for Zoe and Hope? Will you lock it away and not allow it to be expressed, you know that you can right.” 
Irane looked away as he sighed: “You don’t understand, That the part I love, I love three woman for 3 very different reasons and none of them have an issue with me loving the others, the issue though is that I must have three wives, I’m not sure if your aware but woman are very demanding.” Arai faces looked to a shocked looked as she seemed somewhat insulted as Irane simply kept her bound all around him as he added: “Don’t forget though Arai, I don’t see you as some goddess, your just a woman to me. Understood Master…” he loved saying that as it truly irritated her, as she spate back: “Well then Kazemi, if I were you I would go and propose to them to so you can start being a good little slave to use to>” Irane laughed: “Yeah, I think I will. To think my free bachelor life is over before it began. I mean damn.” Irane smiled as he said as he let her go. He left her on the couch as he walked on. He held the ring on tight as he left, having iris add it to her Catalog as a tool from his his mind. 
This lead to Irane proposing to each of the woman starting with Hope as he would take her to a place where a stat was going super nova. Right at that point it was a truly awe inspiring sight as he would propose to her stating that he would mind having being her slave seeing as his work is already working on her behalf and not his, and that he was serious about his words, the day his heart stops beating, is the day he truly dies. When you die Hope, is the die I die. Remember that well my Empress. My Hearts Ruler.” He said as he called his empresses. The ring was like a pearled light of an explosion. Able to work as an ore remind, allowing her access to all the tools made form the Ore in Paradise. Fully allow her ot morph and alter the building and structures. This allowed her full ability to change buildings to guns or even shield generators. Full control of it all within The empire. Her empire. This allowed her to also morph the buildings in each of the 10 cities though this power. 
She wouldn’t hesitate to accept, as she would also pull out her ring. It was more of solid red large wedding band, fulling set with a rainbow colour Loong dragon inscribed in pure red all around it. It had no gold, a pure red, with 2 shades: “I had to do a lot to get Summari to give me the needed matter for it, she really extorted me, but its fine, I’ll have washing dishes for the rest of her life, all of it!!! But still worth the price. It allows you to be able to manifest an elemental dragon with a Loong Dragon from fully set with the mana type of his from. In truth this allowed him to have an automatic charge to 16% incase of major trouble. His most powerful dragon as it allows him an insane amount of mana. 
Now Hope would add: “You know I know a lot about the type of world you came from and the type of person the emperor loved more then anything, They were someone who gave it their all. I think I can understand the type of person you loved, and I won’t lie I felt insecure about it. Arai was the designer. And Zoe was the main start, I was the one who made the trail last 87 million years for him, I feel like if he used Arai’s mana for it instead of mine then he might have lived. Maybe… but we won’t know.” 
Irane shrugged his shoulders. “Maybe, Maybe not, but your command made me perfect. It was the perfect choice as it was the one that allowed me to be this way. Summari and Nighla. The way I function. Arai created the frame of a Sealing container made to contain pure mana. Plus you command of absorbing all things. I know that it was your core that allowed them all to exist. Zoe core allowed me to the body that could use and live as a being of pure cores, while Arai’s allowed my the mind to understand the process on a concious level, the full process of it. You gave me the process of forming cores. Right now on a daily my core changed elements. You have had the largest impact on me the others. Want to know a funny fact, the power of the emperor is know as Kazemi’s Universe. A Universe is simply space. A core of space fought with Kazemi, a primordial of Space, of the universe. I think I find it fitting that the emperor used the space core to beat the beat the space dragon you know.” Hope never knew to take it like that Irane know it like an old story, like a texts or a childhood tale. But he knew it well. The full scope of him, and the emperor and more than anyone he understood the deep truth of why he was made, the desire of the emperor to be human. He wanted to make sure that the emperor would only awaken when needed. As he would state that the emperor would only awaken 2’s a year, plus he would show up for 2 events in Paradise to be with his people. Now the emperor didn’t like to manifest as it took him a long time to deactivate his mana. SO he created the Royal Palace, and his throne room. So when he does appear, he can stay at 50% on the dot, but he would appear as a massive form as he has little control over his mana in this from.

Hope started to laugh a more and more: “tell me, you’re running this empire cause you want to or, because you love it?” Irane shrugged, with smile on his face: “I simply choose to run this empire because my heart loves it. It’s like a matter of pride. Apexia is the greatest empire to ever exist. And that isn’t simply a statement, it’s a fact. That is the Apexia I see when I look on at its people on at the flags of the royal house. And the Valariyan’s especially. They who make the ultimate sacrifice, I admire it all. So I will not create a perfect sociaty, I will simply try to create a fair one at least. But also one no one can hurt, as Zoe desire a home, you desire the power to protect that home. The power and authority to ensure the home you have built is in a place that is fair and honest. That home is Paradise, while Apexia is the empire that home is built around, all is for the home and its people. All we do is of the Valarian’s all for them. That is the empire. You are the one who shields the home and uses its authority for the people! That is the empress. The one who creates the laws that ensure the rights of the people. The ultimate force of control and law. The empress is the law. So be fair in your empire my empress. For it is all yours after all. Hope laughed as she simply admire how amazing he truly was as she wondered if he was alive, if he was truly a real person. 
Irane couldn’t answer, in truth he also found it a hard question answer, not because he didn’t know the answer, but more like he wasn’t allowed to know. Even if he tried. Some thing were just beyond the human. As he added to Hope: “I thing therefore I am! I believe I am alive, imagine being programmed to have consciousness by the pillars. That is me, the human. The 5th command as kazemi calls me. I am prime. We are all me. I absorb and experience. That is what I am. I am me, but I am also the Chopin of my dreams. And the emperor of my wildest delusions!” 
Hope laughed at that as they simply enjoyed each other company. 

For Zoe he would be direct, as he would wait for a full 6 months after proposing to Hope, make her wait, but he had the perfect reason. As he waited for a specific day, but this still made her anxious. Mostly due to how Irane was just normal all this time. He was busy with his regular work. So she knew he wasn’t busy in the forge, and his body was just fine with no sign of him working in the forge like the last. Time. 
The time came as he would walk with her like he did monlthy. He had made it a habit, walking in the broken realm of Hades, it was a massive biome of different areas as you could move though it with different beasts in the area. They walked though a route they walked all the time. No difference at all as Zoe had given up hoping and waiting. 
Irane paused at the high cliff near the artic mountains, in the northern section, it was still in the high mountains ice mountains. The moons of Air, earth and Nature plus light and darkness created a beautiful Aura. Irane simply stopped by as he looked on at it, the Aura Veil. The spectacular colours, the events of the northern lights, as they sky danced. As Irane noted: “I find having eyes might be one of the greatest gifts I was ever given, it allows me to withness events like this. I can assure with my mana core I can only see this as a mana event, but with my eyes, it looks so beautiful. I think this might be the second most beautiful thing I ever laid my eyes on.” Zoe chucked as she looked on as well: “And what’s teh first?” Irane chucked a bit:”You! You were the most beautiful thing I had ever seen, I mean I willl admit Arai and Hope in my mind look out of this world and perfect, but you are just I don’t know if its cause you were the first of them I saw, but you have never failed to be the peak of woman-hood. If I can say, Isoke is like a mother to me, making not really a granny, and the way you 2 just started as enemies then she grey to love you made me want to just marry you right there. But still I had to wait for this.” I wanted to see it first and admit yeah, your beauty transcends the beauty of this my Queen.:” He showed the ring, it was made from a special processed Root from a Valariyan Tree. It was Cleary a large section of the root shrunk around as a pure golden root with a three Green emerald with gold lines all around it, like leaf with golden veins on the leaves.” He didn’t want to waste the chance as he gave it to her there nothing, how some material can be as as simple a root.:” This give you full access to the Tree of Yggdrasil within Paradise. Connecting Kazemi’s Universe with Paradise. Now this is more like an enhancement. The ring gives you full dominion over the natural order of the Kathara and the beasts of Kazemi. This gave her full authority over all the beasts in the land. 
She laughed a she asked why he had to wait so long as Irane added: “Some rings take time because of the process, but this one was more of a natural product and it takes far more time, I had to be in paradise to make it perfect, The root was taken from a large section of the three that I took off. It was massive, as large as 5x  football field and 3 times the length of the largest sky crater it was massive in all rights. As Irane would use it to forge Hope’s ring as part of the process of also shifting the three to a set location behind the Palace on the low mountains, where the Palace is high up were the three would get light and energy from Kazmei’s core in Parade. Now the root was cut through for moving it, as it was connected to all the beast that had lived and exposited in Apexia’s soul, All the beast that had Enari’s mana now, in the whole realm, were hers to use, even Enari would see her as a Alpha equal to him as a beast. 
Zoe wasn’t sure what to say as she simply just cried and kissed him hundred of times with excitement. Saying yes over and over. Irane simply kept hislft steady, on the onslaught. She moved back with excitement as she looked at the ring. Then As she was admiring it, Enari with Aphexia would appear as they would offer him the ring she had made as she was planing on giving it to him, but she was preoccupied with the ring, Irane took note as Aphexia noted that it was designed with her mana fully, it allows you the power to call on any beast in Apexia besides Enari, it will just be around in case, in your zone. One of the beast we tamed and mastered in the forest all level 8 beasts forms.” They said with Enari noting it took forever to get the Mana composition just right, her life/death mana was to chaotic, it made no sense. It took forever to fully get it right, but now it give you a proper second beast with the opposing element, one that will have the elementals composition perfect to counter yours. That beast will be your perfect guardian as it covers you weak ness as it is made with your core weakness in mind. 
Irane chucked at the design as it was true chaotic mess, but it was a true embodiment of her mana and nature. A ring with a chaotic shift in the green paths around with a change in the texture of it based on the beast, but always fully green. Linked with Aphexia. As Irane gave the ring to Zoe. As he would put it on unless she gave it to him properly. Zoe paused as she took the ring. She was quiet for a moment as though the world was frozen for a moment. Zoe looked on at Irane and was truly shy about it: “You said you found me to be the most beautiful thing you have ever seen?” Irane lughed a bit as he nodded. He ment it true as she added: “Fine, but I want you to know that I will not accept anything less then being treated as a queen. And I will be someone whom the king can rely on to. She bowed low: 
“Listen Lord Irane Kazmei, it is a custom in the Navar clan, so please sit in front of me. This is a ritual called engagement, it was a simply ritual, were on shows proof of one’s on their body and allowing their mana and body to absorb it, we of the Nava clan view life in a far deeper state, so we also use out markers to show we are with someone. She pulled closer to him as she bit deeply into his neck, blood was flowing out as she flowed her mana though her mouth into the wound. It forced his body to be marked by her very mana though his body. She moved back, as she also took in a lot her blood and replaced it, now Irane needed to do the same as he asked for institution, as she added, to just bite hard and drink will relaxing mana as you swallow, give and take you get that? Just mana or… Zoe added You very life force, you mana. As he moved in and bit with he dragon fangs, Zoe’s mark was more beast like, but Iranes was a rising though of the fangs, right through. As he did as instructed. In a moment he moved back as the wound healed with wound healed with a golden mark, as Zoe directed it to her ring finger on he left finger to her heart and body. It was set pattern as now Irane had a deep green fang mark with it moving down his back, and neck like a sharp bolt forming a root system with the beast tattoo on his back already.” Zoe moved the ring on his middle finger as it had the green marks on his body. His hand had set of 3 rings. 
Then as though ti get involved Summari, Nighla, Aliya, Mira, Pandro, Dokia and Urial would also present rings they made, they made them they were also helping each of the woman with theirs. With panda and Dokia having helped with Zoe’s ring, Mira and Summari with Hope’s ring and Nighla and Aliya with Arai’s ring. 
They also were give full access to build their own as Summari created it as a challenge and the best would be jugded by Milla, Criya and Adri. Who were the judges now. Irane had no choice as Arai Hope and Zoe wanted to also see what the other made. Each was made of the used mana. Set with different arts. 
- Summari’s allowed him to use her ring allowed him to store a set of scrolls with different tears of mana spells. Scolls that just needed to be opened to world, the spells numbered to 3, one of each elemental groups(1. Primal elemens(fire-ice), 2. Secondary elements(Electrify-Darkness) and 3. Of Ascend elements(Time, Space and Life/death) very useful for him in a pinch where he has no mana. Plus the ring also has a special mana charge that allows the powering of any of the riding, one of them and activate their ability for a short amount of time. More for emergencies. 
- Nighla: A ring with a copy of her in a armoured form would appear. Like being able to summon a armoured version of her whenever he needs. With elemental based on his core in a different ability pool form Nighla’s own techniques not her fathers. He can summon it for about 30 minutes a day, and it can go full combat for 5 minute. 
- Now Pandro simply created a ring, with a continuous spell within, one that has the ability to start with any element Irane needs. Useful for a major situation, as the spell has enough power to last a full hour. 
- Urial’s ring was a more direct. It was linked to his main elemental blade, as he can channel an almost mana ghost form, in an armoured form with the elemental type and a random addition. It will have a loaded set of techniques based on the core, limited to 5 level 6, 2 level 7, and 1 level 8 technique. Very useful in a fight. 
- Aliya’s Ring, Allowed him to see a manifestation of a ghost of Arai, Hope and Zoe, Summari or Nighla in their spirit forms. Only one of them, and its random with one appeared, Able to be used with Urial one to give the spirit the armour and use it as a host to manifest itself. This one works as an aid in the the situation, and also have the longest time length with it working for 12 hours. 
- Mira’s Ring: A more direct ring, an amplifier, with allowed Irane to channel his emotions into mana ands add it to any attack, very useful in a pinch or a temp boost, able to be used 2. 
- Dokia’s ring: A ring that ensured the emperor can always heal himself from mortal wounds, as he can use this ring to activate dokia’s death regeneration ability, able to be used only 1, as it it far to much to handle and must be used when it is a truly mortal wound. 
The who who won was Aliya who took over the prize as having a far more direct one. Irane wears each one as they are designed more simply, only the 3 rings of Arai, Hope and Zoe are the true eye drawers. 


Now as Irane walked forward as the plan came down, Meeting Summari with Julia Prescian and Nighla with Milo Nexal. Irane walked forward wth Aliya by his right and Crimi by his left. He looked at his children who looked suprised to see their father there. He looked down at his daughter as he shrugged his shoulders. Add: “I won’t lie my mind, heart and body felt like they wanted me ot see him, so I really couldn’t ignore it. Let me at least see my son. Irane looked at Julia and Milo. The plan moved down as Junior came out with his 4 guards and Artemis right after with her 2 guards. They moved down to meet the Kazemi’s. There was tense nature in the air as they moved closer. Junior felt it the most as well as Rui in his armoured form, with Tina Consa(Air-Ice; Chaos-Light)(A far removed family member of the Minia’s and working as the healer. She was there as the main healer, and his doctor. 
Now As they moved closer they were far enough as Junior stood quite a distance and bowed low to his father. He wasn’t sure how to treat him, none of them did as they feel the pressure. The Valariyan’s looked on at the demonstration as Irane’s face looked in confusion. He walked closer as to be right in front of Junior. He extended his right hand to him: “Here in Apexia, we have a rule. We offer our right hand to shake this indicates the beginnings of a relationship, and we shake with our left as we bed farewell, we so we must do this a total of 5 time, through time, before he can truly say we know each other a bit at least.” Irane moved his right hand closer. A simply handshake, with such a meaning as Junior would shake his hand with a serious and tense expression. Irane returned it back, with a stone faced expression. Artemis ran forward as jumped on Irane’s leg suddenly hugging around his waist. Giggly truly like a child a she noted: “You said I should give you a hug when I saw you, I still remember.” It had been 5 years and that conversation was with someone else but she didn’t know that as Irane put it together. She may not have the emperor memories but he has his logs on all the cores he sees, and has interacted with or those his Valariyan’s had interacted with. He looked on as he saw her name in his mind. And went down low. Qin and Mora was terrified unaware to what was about to happened next as this could be seen as an attempted attack. This was bad as even Junior and his part felt tense in that moment. Irane moved down and grabbed Artemis and pulled her up giving her a tight embrace: “Then we better make sure it’s a proper hug don’t you think?” He kissed her on the had and moved her about as he even wrapped his wings around her laughing and playing around, it was a shocking human moment, in all rights. As he put her down. In that moment SUmmari counted down form 3…2…1. As Irane grabbed her again with a massive tight hug again. Moving around with a deep smile. Artemis was laughing design as All watched on shock at how he seemed to cheerful. The change on expression amazing. 
Irane then left her down, as he looked the gentlemen Qin and Mora and he extended his right hand out. They moved and shook it as Irane would pull them in for a quick embrace to. He was a bit physical indeed. As he pulled them in tight. He let go after a moment as he noted for the mens names. As they introduced themselves as 
Qin Navar and Mora Apolo, Irane took an interested smile as he noted that fact. He smiled as he moved on and looked at everyone, taking note of their faces. It felt like he examining them, taking every detail of them as he could. And he was, Irane noting all their faces to their mana profiles, so that if the emperor Evers sees them again he can see them as they would as humans, as he can only see their cores, but this allows him to see them as people. Irane was making sure to record every bit if them, as that was just how he worked. He then noted after a moment he. He looked at Artemis and Irane Jr at the longest, not even attempting with the armoured individuals as he moved back to his line: 
“So tell me, Junior, how long do you plan to stay for and what is your reason for bing here?” 

Irane’s tone was now direct and commanding as junior felt the force of it, of his words. Like he was being forced to speak or he would be killed. Irane was more direct as he wanted answers quirckly as Junior spoke: “We have come to simply say hi, we haven’t seen each other in over 5 years so I wanted to come and see how you were, and I finally got a chance with all that is happening to find a reason to come and see you here in Apexia, we will be here or a week, as today is Wednesday. Irane nodded his head as he noted: 
“Well unfortunately you timing is a quite horrible seeing as we are quite busy, You see me Nighla and Summari are a bit slumped, we won’t be able to properly entertain you unit Sunday, at which we will ask you to leave as in truth we still have quite a lot to do. 
I will see you later, Summari and Nighla will be with in Sethia, Aliya watch over my Junior, Adri you over Artemis.” The 2 woman acknowledged the command. Irane turned to his son as he noted how someone was off about him, his mana was different and changing, it was like his mana, but also not fully right. Irane leaned closer to Junior: “Are you okay?” Asking with a confused and worried voice, as Junior would simply laugh as he would admit he had been feeling sick for some time. Tina would speak then: “He simply has form of mana poisoning, we believe he got it when Evelyn moved him through Limbo years ago, and it’s only showing its effects on him now.” Irane was even more confused: “Mana poisoning you say, well you are exhibiting all the basics signs of of indeed. But still… tell me something have you ever actually used your core? Like activated your drive?” Junior paused for a moment as all present were also confused. He shook his head as he noted no. Irane eye’s widened for a quick moment. As he nodded, I see. Well we understood, I was just curious.” 
Irane moved forward as he walked and got lead them into Sethia. Listen up, as you are in Apexia, you will be allowed to only visits Sethia, and the city Muspel of fire to the East of us. And the city Geb. South East. Irane moved back as he added: “Note this warming well, there are restricted areas in Apexia as I said Sethia is the main city, the Apexian’s as it also acts as the connecting city for all 10 elemental cities. But there will be major section you aren’t allowed in, and you will know where thy are. Don’t go in there please, or you will die. So please keep an eye on Artemis there. But again you won’t really do it, even by accident.” Irane was admient as Junior asked: “Does that mean we won’t be allowed in Paradise?” Irane Nodded as he added: “Only Valariyan’s are permitted in Paradise, and Sethia is the gem which I have opened to the people. In truth Sethia is open like this for more specific reasons.” 

Mora asked more directly: “Its a bunker city, a place for all your people to come to when there is an issue. I can bet that this city is the most secure of the 4 cities besides Paradise, or am I wrong.” Irane smiled and laughed with a prideful glee: “You are correct Mora, this city is both a city that connects all the cities, but it is designed as a place where if there was an issue, it would also act as a place all the people in Apexia can come to and stay. It can be stretched to both accommodate and supply support and full support. As they entered a Large plane, they saw how it left far more spacious, they moved in a set path in floating rings, moving in hyper speed, sending them kilometres in seconds as they didn’t feel the move of it inside. They sat and relaxed as they enjoyed some drinks. It was now that Qin would note Irane’s rings and would say quietly: “They look quite well made.” Irane replied loudly as he heard his words: “Well they are my wedding rings. All off my rings are made with a function, but these 3 are very special, each symbolises one of my wives, then my pinky on my left is my daughters, Summari and on my left thumb is Nighla’s, with on my left being by my close friends.” Qin nodded as he listened on, he seemed very sentimental as he spoke about each ring and why he loved, but it was the top 3 that made from his wives. 
Junior would be shocked to hear this as Summari would add: “No, dad is still somewhat free, he will officially be married in 2 years times due to traditions and rules. Junior looked on as his mind went on a spiral,  he was losing it. Seeing this man as a shallow imitation of his farther. He was different from the man he remembered, it had been 5 years and he was 4, but still he remembered a lot things like his sisters, so his father was also a face he remember, but Irane’s face, it wasn’t as Draconic, it was more human, a lot more. With his wings, just bing more to his 2 pair and his tail around, but thin, his horns were hidden by his large hair, just peaking out a bit as he would say out-loud: “Are you becoming human dad?” This was the only question he felt was right to ask to clarify why he looked so different now, so more human in all rights. More then that though, was how his face started to looked nothing like his old face, like Ziphora’s face, he was so different now, but still his mana was the same, it made it unmistakable, but still he was so different. As Irane laughed a bit looking at him: “That actually might be the perfect word for it, yes I am becoming human. In the context of that is why I look more human like then what I’m sure you remember. 
Well I won’t exactly lie to you, I’m not exactly the same person whom you remember. A lot has changed in the last 5 years Junior. But we will speak about that on Sunday.” The transport came into Sethia, they were high in the sky looking down at the city that looked like a mix of so many different section as Milo would excitedly start to speak: “Welcome to Sethia. The Capital of the Apexian’s And the Largest city in Apexia. It is a special made city with is specially connected to the other 10 cities in the other elemental section of Apexia. This allows Sethia to be the heart of trade of products in all of Apexia and also the full merger of different foods and cultures interacting in the city. All the cities are all in very different sections so they are in fact vastly different resources In each but each has special resources. Now Sethia also acts as the home of the Valariyan’s and the place Irane Kazemi calls home, As his main Home and Kazemi Royal House is situated. 
Irane moved quickly as he nodded gaodbye and just disappeared before them. 
Adri looked on at the others observing the city while next to Artemis. She was very comfortable with her which made Qin and Mora nervous and worried, But it would Mora to Adri who broke the ice asking about her role and introducing himself as a wielder of of the 3 tools of Cronus and aid to house Osiro. Adri would state herself as a member of his majesty’s Kazemi personal Unit and acting as one of his most trusted aids. Now acting as his left hand. With Criya being more on his side. He was simply trying to speak to Irane Jr. but would be more shut down by his guards. They wouldn’t allow anyone close to junior as even Summari and Nighla were kept at arms length. There was a lot he was unsure about but one fact was evident, he was uncomfortable in all rights. And his illness was even more directly noticed by the 2 girls. They knew how to detect mana and cores as both would say to each other on the side how his core just seemed far to different, it was still similar, but clearly something occurred. Irane noted it to Iris as he went to Tulla. 
“Iris, Tell me, what is likely to occur if my a core of Kazemi was to have a child before acting their drive or will is activated?” Iris took a moment as though pulling though the info she had: “Hard to say, If a core of Kazemi is not activated, it will become stale with time, and be locked on the core of the original person. When Irane Jr. was made his core was used as the base as it observed the child creation process. It was altered to be in its basic form, just to get the needed info on core creation and human creation from the womb. It was never activated since then. I don’t really know what would occur. But Junior does seem to be showing clear signs of mana poisoning, but its clear the poising is coming from within not externally…” 
Irane was worried for a moment as he added: “Well he should be fine, his body is also a special class to, even if there is an issue with his core, his body should be able to compensate and deal with it. I want ot get him proper treatment but its clear those guards in the white armour don’t want be anywhere near him.” He wondered what they did to him, more then anything he was worried about the state of his core in all rights, be decided to focus on other things while leaving him with the others. 

The Primals were given a basic tour of the area all around Sethia as they saw all the different building and designs. The city was built to be a mechanical wonder. The building seemed to shift and move at specific sections. It was a truly different place from what Junior remember. It was amazing to see, even on the same level as Paradise as he remembered it. Milo was far to excited as he explained on how Apexia:
“The Apexia Empire is split in 2 sections. We can it the Valariyan’s and Apexian’s with the city of Sethia is the only place where the Apexian’s and Valariyan’s can stay together. In truth all the other cities in the region outside the area of the 4 main cities. In the past 5 years after the war ended with the Arke twins, we were able to fully devote to reorganising. Tulla, Hades and Ether are our specialist cities, only Valariyan’s are allowed to be there. With Hades being the place with the largest section, and the city of Earth- Geb is the largest of the Apexian cities outside Sethia.” Julia interrupted: “To make a long story short, Sethia is in all rights the connection point for all of Apexia, and it is also the place Lord Irane Kazemi stays. You will all staying in the city.” Her tone was direct as Tina spoke through: “So you have a society that separated people… how original.” Junior gestured to her to relax as Julia laughed at her words: “Well we have our reasons.” As they moved through they arrived at the kazemi House, it was shocking seeing how in comparison to the building around, it was rather in reality matching to the surroundings, which just the Gold markings on it making it stand out as well as the Kazemi Royal Banner on the sides on the main entrance. The House wasn’t large, not when they compared it to the house Alex had. There was a certain way rulers were expected to live, far from others and in massively built houses but this was seemed far to normal. It had a large presence in the Northern centre of the city. And a perfect view of the horizon from where it was. And a direct path to the royal castle in Sethia. The official hall which he rules from, acting as the government office in the City.
They all moved through it as Summari and NIghla showed them to the rooms they would be staying in. They were shocked to see how the inside changed and morphed as required. From the smaller outer section, the inside was just so different. It had massive images on the walls,  of Summari and Nighla on the walls. They were new class images. In the central sides Junior noticed images of Irane with all his people. All were model paintings to the observation of Mora. They looked so realistic, the older photos as Nighla would show them a piece depicting all three of his children as Babies. All in 3 of them, with imagines of Dokia and Urial on the side, as a well. As they moved on they saw imagines of Julia, Milo, Senthma, Aura, Assa, Nina, Criya, Jade and Adri, as Julia would added: “All the images are of people lord Kazemi trained personally. Those whom he moulded personally. He painted all of these when he had the chance.” Milo added: “I still don’t like mine, I was far too young in that painting.” 
They moved on to see images of Summari and Nighla. Fully detailed as they are now. As Julia would add: “lord Irane prefers to redraw them all the time.” The images where simple portraits, no they were funny illustrations of how Irane saw them all. Out of all the images these were the most direct. They saw the ones of all the major players in Apexia. Their designs were so detailed and different from simply images. 
They moved though as Qin would moved next to Criya and spoke to him silently: “I’m assuming that is yours, the one with the ice makers.” Criya nodded: “But most of the in office images are in his personal office. If only we could show you the ones in Paradise, the images that Lord Irane makes and places there are a different class.” 

Junior laughed at the sight of them as Nighla wanted to show him the images of Arai, Hope and Zoe. But they were moved, and replaced by images of Nina, Mira and Assa on it, The images were beautiful but it was strange that they were gone as Qin noted: “I was hoping to see the woman the emperor was marrying. There was a pause as Criya added: “Don’t worry about it.” Junior took a quiet tone. Soon in the later parts of the day, Nighla was playing and catching up with Artemis while Summari spoke with Junior. he looked rough though all his physical motion, he was quite with his words: “I’m assuming dad is marrying Arai, Hope and Zoe or is that not true?” Summari felt she was being interrogated as she pulled her bother and on ef his guards(Rui) with him as she walked with Julia. She moved to a hidden section as she showed him the 3 images of Arai, Hope and Zoe that Irane made. She knew full well were they were. She noted: “These are the images Dad made and made me move them for them you came in, simply cause we don’t need the world knowing our business. Especially now.” She said while staring at the paintings. Each on was a truly different class of work, all three unique and beatiful. If no one knew who these were they would swear this was the drawings. But all were still so precise in their making as Junior remarked: “Seems our father has a lot of time on his hands to make these…” Summari spoke up, cutting him off: “Not really, most of these he does as part of his training. The ability to place thoughts and ideas on a page of board. He actually started doing the painting thing cause I was doing it. He made me do it so I could lead and visual the process of starting and finished a piece. It was my hobby and most of the images around I made, but some he makes, and I must admit he is far better them me.’ She said with smile looking at the paintings. 

The day moved though as Summari and Nighla needed to go for their duties. Criya and Adri remained to watch over the guests there. They were fully restricted not being allowed to move all that freely without guards around. Junior was planing on how to obtain the needed sampled that Terra wanted of his sisters DNA and also the best way to get to the book from Crimi Night. He was moving around as the days passed. Summari came the next day with Sethma and Dokia. As she came to check up Junior and Artemis. Junior was so distant. Summari was fully aware of it as her brother ask for a quick sparing session. Summari declined initially due to his questionable health. But he provoked her. Pushing her to do it, Summari was controlled this time as she would simply just dodge and not make an attempt on an attack. This lead to Junior cutting her just a bit with his blade as she would knock him down with a quick spell. She noted how he was clearly a lot stronger than before. Noting how he grew. 
On the next day Nighla would appear as she would also spar with him, as she came with Urial and Apolo Ferran.” They simply called him Apolo. As Nighla would also fight him in a spare, when he would get the sample but Nighla would also discover the fact that his core was vastly different indeed. The signature and main new form was just to different. 
Now he would also talk to Nighla as we would add: 
“I’ve been here for 3 days and I haven’t really seen much from our father… he seems so different now, not as dragon like as I expected. I mean I get it, he is trying to be human but he really does seem so different from my memories.” Nighla nodded as she remarked: “Well that’s not to shocking.” As Junior continued: “You know since I got to the Primals I had to hide my actual identity, but I keep hearing it, the legend and myth of Irane Kazemi. The man who single handily saved all the primals on his first appearance. The man, the myth, the legend. There are so many Primals who claimed to be from Paradise, and now state that they wish they choose to stay… It was funny to listen to. I even got the different version of those stories our father used to read to use. I heard so much of the person he was, and looking at him now I just wonder which version of him is the real version.” His words were truly concerned as NIghla reply was simply: “Our father life is very complicated, it really is. I mean look at this whole city and all the people around. We have people constantly in their demon or angle forms just cause our dad can’t switch to being fully human, so now the people do it to, not all. But most.  Do you know why he really made Paradise the way it was. You should remember just how hard it was to be around me, Summari, Dokia and Urial. I mean we nearly killed people just by being around each them. Paradise was initially designed to be a place where we could grow up with no real issues. We could be ourselves and have no fear of hurting anyone. One of the best parts was Urial. He would destroy building after building when we first left Paradise. But he now knows how t just walk normally around. We weren’t told to change, no the world was change to suite us. Our father may seem to have a million different faces, but at his core he is still the same old person we know well. His core never changes. Nighla manifested a copy of the book that Crimi made with her destruction ability(Note made using the Left Hand of Destruction) as she showed it to. A perfect copy indeed. Junior was stunned as Urial appeared with Milo. Noted the book. He was shocked that Milo knew it but that much on Urial. Milo was still very young but still he was the most energetic.
He noted the story as the man who conquered the Trail. Junior paused at the name on the book. The full context of it as Nighla noted on one bit of info on how ‘Z’ would have had an ice or wind core as she would remark: “You know the funny part, Dad’s favourite elements if Air and his best is Ice, so that really does say a lot. It’s also one of the major reasons we Criya the name Kazemi’s ‘Z’ cause of his elemental type.” There was bit of a pause as Milo added: “True, but look Irane’s really good with all the elements though, so saying its his best really doesn’t say much.” Urial remarked on: “True, but you can tell he loves Air magic.” The discussion was simple as they all started to discuss more and more on him which would prompt Junior to ask: “So this is Dads book…” Nighla interrupted: “Don’t be mistaken, that man in that book is not our father. When we read this book, we read it as reading it as a story, not an actual document.” 

Junior flipped through the book, looked at every single line and memorising it. He looked at the missions reports, as he noted how most missions was a deadly missions, all of them. He smiled as he read though the logs of all he did, the people he saved and helped. He even saw some logs with his mother there. Noting how she really was there: “Damn he really was cool, dad as a normal human was still just handling the most dangerous and deadly missions.” Nighla wanted to correct him but he was to absorbed in the book. But his excited expression changed on the last page. That one had the full info on the last missions he did, noting it as complete and marking him as dead. It was the details of saving people being transported to a secure location, and how it was a truly deadly missions. It marked that the missions was a success noting Z’s contribution before being noted as killed in action. 
Junior eyes locked on that page for a long moment. He thought back to Alex explaining his story and he bite his lip in pure anger trying not to allow his emotions to change. This book was all he needed. The Book on Ziphora, on the man whom he believed was sealed within the mind of Kazemi as a slave. He looked at the details. He moved through it back again. He thought on the details on his arrival. The note on his village being destroyed and him being the sole survivor. He stood up and left in that moment in a rush to his room to complete the book. He read it constantly through the night. Nighla was shocked as he added: “Well I mean it is an interesting report, but whats wrong with him? He’s so weird…” Urial and Milo agreed. 
Now in the meantime as all that was taking place, Rui looked on at the other armoured man who cam with Urial. He felt like he knew him but he wasn’t sure. He simply stood there staring at him. As the children returned he bacame animated as he responded to Milo and Urial. Nighla reported back to Adri and Criya. Now on the next day which was a Saturday, Arai would allow Summari and Nighla to go and spend the whole day with their brother. But would find him hold up in his room and would instead spend time with Artemis. Junior was now just doing his best to hold out till his time to leave came. He didn’t want to interact with his sisters as listening to them truly annoyed him. All of them did as they viewed all of Apexia to be made on the back of his father’s enslaved back. He hated it all. He hated looking at the people out smiling and laughing, he hated seeing their joyous faces while he believed they were using him, all of this was a lie. All he wanted was to kill Arai, knowing she was close made her blood boil in all rights. 
Now As Summari and Nighla went on with Artemis with Qin and Mora, the three would note the markings of the Apolo and the Navar clans banner and marking one, both were very similar but whole and new types on them. The Apolo’s Red Makers were still there but now included the mars of a red dragon on it, while the Navar now had a green beast on the Symbol of a half alive-half dead tree of the Navar clan. These makers set as set housing Flags as the men who be curious about it. They weren’t sure how to really answer but Adri would still speak: “Their the flags of the great and royal houses. In Apexia we have great and royal houses based on the duties that a clan set to do. 
Now there a great House is set by having a major duty like running a City or being a major part of the law and sits of power. Now a Grand Royal House is determined by 2 facts: 1. They can create children(Boy and Girl) in a generation, and 2. They Hold One of the 5 sits of Power. Right now only 5 clans hold that rights. 
1. Nexal - :Lead by Nina by Nina Nexal 
2. Apolo: Lead by Apolo Ferran
3. Navar: Lead by Assa Navar(Flora) 
4. Ardent: Lead by Mira Ardent 
5. Prescian: Lead by Pandro Prescian. 
She lied on the 2. And 3. Subtituting to make the lie convincing as Assa was going by the name Navar in Orians so it was the quickest name she could use, and with Apolo Feran, she simply swap the first and last names. As she continued: “There is only one clan noted as a Royal-Empiric Clan. The Kazemi!” Qin remarked on at her words: “I see, so I guess that’s fair that only one clan stands above the others, I mean Kazemi also has 2 children of each gender.” Adri shook her head: “Not really, in truth the Kazemi on paper don’t actually even fit the criteria for it as Irane only has 2 daughters. Even though we know Junior is his son, we don’t count him as one, and the reason is simply because he isn’t a Valariyan.” Mora and Qin looked on at the banners as they nodded at the info, focusing on the Apolo banner, curious about it and how true it was. 
As they were doing exploration, Junior would be in the house looking on at the image of Arai that his father painted, he looked at it with murderous rage, at the woman who destroyed his father. At the cause of all the issues he saw. He was about to rip into it until…: “So this is your favourite of the three?” Irane voice came through surprising Junior who turned to look at him quickly: “Father…”  Irane moved closer as he looked on at the image of Arai his son was staring it: “Well most people do say this is the best one, but in truth I see all three of these pieces a failure. All of the images in my house are failures in fact. Junior listed on as he relaxed a bit as he replied: “Really, but all of them are really beautiful.” Irane shrugged: “Beautiful to you, a horrible piece of art to me. I place all these pieces around my house, the failure of my people that I made.” Junior was quite for a moment as he replied: “Well if these are failures, I wonder what a masterpiece in your eyes looks like?” He said with a sarcastic laugh at the simple notion of this not being a master piece. 
Irane moved to the door as he gestured to Junior to follow him. He moved behind him in a bit of distance, cautious of his actions and moves. They arrived to his personal study as he would pull out an image on a small frame, it was a flower, a Blood rose right at the point where it was beginning to die, it was such a beautiful rose, such a mark of detail, but there was more, as Irane remarked: “When you see that image what do you feel?” Junior was silent for a moment as he answered: “Like the end of something beautiful, it’s a bittersweet feeling to see this at its end.” Irane moved closer to his son, art is subjective, which is true. Anyone can look at a piece or painting, but in most cases most people have different feelings on a piece of work. I personally believe a perfect piece of Art embodies the same reaction to it across the board. All people will feel what the artist felt as they created this piece. They see his inspiration fully bare on the canvas. That is what Art should be, when I show that image to everyone has the same bittersweet comment on it. All the paintings in my house are simply beautiful illustrations of people. The really good ones are in the Empiric Palace in Paradise, those are a true work of art I do say so myself.” 
Junior looked at his father: “When do you get the time to do it, I mean you said you always busy, so when do you do it.” Irane expression shifted to a curious expression as he thought back: “Well I start after showing Summari the Art of pointing and drawing. I was good at coping art pieces but horrible at bring my mind ideas on the board, plus it was the best form of practice for Summari to learn how to shit and change for the ending. It was just something we did. In truth I haven’t drawn anything in 2 years. All of these are more older pieces.” Junior found his words strange as he asked: “So what is your favourite painting then?” Irane smiled as he thought about it as he pulled his necklace and pulled a stored peice of paper from it, it expended fully as It showed an old drawing made with crayons, it was a yellow man it seemed. It was the art work of a child in all rights as Irane remarked: 
“That was made by Summari when she was younger, she said it was me… it was oddly moving see it. But the person best of of Art I have seen is from Summari and Nighla’s piece marked the Emperor!” It currently sits in the Empiric Palace, and is the only piece right in the Main Throne rooms pathways. It really is just a true work of art. Designed With the Emperor in his Golden Armour, wielding the Empiric Spear. It’s simply a breath taking piece of Art. I always look at it for a moment longer than I should. It truly inspires me as much as it inspires the others. Actual I feel like that image has effected me more then I’d like to admit to. 
There was laugh between the 2 two, which was followed by Junior who asked plainly: “You really do seem so different, from the person I remember, I mean I was a baby and all but still, you seem so different now.” Irane had a short smile as he remarked: “Well people change with Time. The version you are today, and the version of you 10 years from now are 2 very different people with different mindset. Time and experience changes a person. No core leaves the world, as it arrived. Even if people don’t realise it, we all leave a trail or mark on someone. Time really does change a person, I am a perfect example of that.” Junior laughed at that as he asked his father in a quiet moment: “Hey father, if you could have anything right now, what would it be?” He waiting for the answer to be exactly the same, as when he asked last time, but his reply was shocking: 
“Easy, I would get back all that time I used on repairing those damn rifts, I could have gotten so much done if I didn’t have to handle that.” His voice was heavy but his expression was one of a man truly tired as he added: “Those damn rifts are the reason I’m also losing my bachelor pass. I mean isn’t the whole point of being emperor I can have any woman I want and do whatever I want… who ever sad it was about sleepless nights planing and dealing with problem after problem and ensuing all process are working, I mean how is that an emperor job?” Irane sighed as he added: “Well then again I don’t know why I’m complaining when I still do it anyways. It’s just more efficient when it’s the first time around.” Junior noted: “Really, the Primals see being married as the best thing on this planet.” Irane raised his eye brow to that statement: “Well that is true to a degree. Still not as bad as the Orians at least. Those people terrify me on how they treat their woman. Truly terrifying.” 
Junior added: “You sound like you don’t want to get married?” Irane laughed a bit at that: “You know it was fun while it was just the less constrained with commitment. I mean I do love all of them, each in different aspects and I can’t wait to be married with them all, but it also terrifies me, I mean how do you prepare to live with someone you consider perfect? It just doesn’t seem possible. Who you see them as perfect, as beyond alluring, as beauty personified. It becomes nearly impossible to live a normal life when you are with a person you consider far out of you league.” Junior was stunned more by his fathers words and the expression he had, that smile and his look of true joy was just to hard to not focus on as he added: “Well I mean no one is truly above the Emperor, right?” Irane chucked a bit: “In my person opinion, these woman are far beyond the emperor, in truth he wouldn’t exist without them.” He spoke in the second person from Juniors perspective as Irane looked on at Junior: “Tell me, why have you been avoiding your sister? Is because of that core?” Junior was a bit confused by how he knew as he added: “No, I just wanted to read this book on you, The Book of Ziphora. Irane looked on at his son for a moment as he didn’t reply. He looked at the book and the name on it and returned it, after a moment he asked again: “So will you answer me?” He asked again as Junior was confused as he did as he did it again, but still the same. He realised that his father wasn’t joking, he was genuinely unable to remember the book or the name on it, as Junior replied differently noting how he was just under the weather and his body just felt heavy, he needed a break. 
Irane would finally give a proper reaction: “I see, and does your mother know about your illness?” Junior nodded: “Yes, she even had Tina assigned to keep an eye on me.” Irane looked on as he took a step forward: “Let get a good look at you.” Irane put his hands oh his Juniors shoulders and looked him in the eyes for a long while. Junior felt of for a moment than nothing the next as Irane pulled back. Junior felt a lot better. His breathing was easier and he felt like he could finally flow his mana properly: “There, you should be okay for a while, so you don’t have an excuse. Go be with your sister. They really wanted to see you. And it would be a waste if you didn’t spend time with them Junior. Irane walked away as Junior agreed. As he left he the others retuned from the city tour. Junior would take note of the incident. The fact that he wasn’t able to remember and how strange that was to see. 

Irane walked away as he pulled on the mana he extracted from Junior. He condensed it and separated it into 2 spheres as he gave them to Iris and Enari: “Analyse this mana. Let me know if the design core made this.” That core is far too hard to pin down for its ability to change the core nature on initial setting. We need to make sure about this cause if I’m right then I will have Ember kille!” His tone was purely wrathful. He seemed to be intensely angry indeed. 
As the children came back there was a change as they moved to their rooms to go out again, As Junior tried to go with the, The 2 noted how the following plans were more girl plans. And no boys were invited. As they looked themselves in their room with Juila and Dokia. Milo and Sethmna moved with Mora and Qin to simply chat with the room having Adri to make sure all was okay. Junior was a bit stunned at that to which Criya added: 
“Are you shocked? I mean you blew them off, and you can say you felt sick, but that was a just a convent lie and they know it. You didn’t want to hang with them so now they won’t. They took today off from their duties and studies just to be with you, so I wonder after how you treated them, are you surprised?” Junior felt a sour sensation at his words. He felt guilty at himself. Now that he felt better his emotions seemed to finally calm down to. He would spend the night just thinking about all he did. 
Now with Artemis, she would show them the mark Taliya marks her with, as Adri would add: “All of us trained by Lord Kazemi are all give a special marker, one we create ourselves.” Adri pulled her pants up to show her though, her own special design all over the thigh as it immediately shrunk to a simply pattern. “We all must create and use it as our markers. And each of them are placed on one of Lord Kazemi’s Scales on his winds. And added onto the armour of sanctuary. Now from the list, [Criya, Aura, Nina, isoke, Jade, Adri, Audis and now Assa and Konnar were added to the list now] Those are the people who have it. Taliya’s version was different as the marker was make with a Green Colour, not a golden one, but it was still recordnised as Adri would tell Artemis: “That marker allows you an audience with the emperor. And lucky for you he will be present on Monday.” Artemis was confused as Adri recommended she say behind to see him. They would spend the night simply talking as Adri would show them the art of a sleep over. It was late into the night as Irane returned the house as he checked in on them he was frozen for a moment as he saw their faces with masks, and their hair all tied up. Irane looked at the sight as he tried to close the door but he was caught by Dokia, As they would use him as a model for their make up, forcing him to also pull in Junior by force to also be a plaything for them. It was a calm moment as Their faces were painted fully as Irane and Junior laughed at each other. They spent the night to the morning simply doing these actives as Irane would leave halfway through as he still had other things to take care of, leaving all of them together. Junior would stay with his sisters. 
It is now that he would speak with a far more open tone as he told his sisters that he was set to be the leader of the clans and that he was going to be marrying their mother: “Lord More said it was just for political control, but he also said we needed to do it in the proper political manner. He said I would need to have a child with her in the future. When Minia explained it to me, it was after that that I started feeling sick. It’s been 2 months, but I’ve been getting better and better. But still I wanted to tell you cause this feels so weird in an every possible way. In truth I came here cause I’m not sure what to do.” His words were a sweet lie indeed, but not all of it was false, he needed his sisters now indeed and with emotions set he was able to truly speak on the matter as Summari and Nighla would look at each other and laugh for a moment as Summari added: “Well that’s fine. Not like it matters in any regards.” Nighla added: “I mean sure she is our mother, but it is a different thing all togther. I mean DNA is just a small aspect of it. It’s not like the child would be our sister anyways. They don’t have a core of Kazemi, so it really doesn’t matter to use.” Nighla’s words echoes as Dokia noted: “Are you sure, i mean I people do consider DNA to a be the main tying factor to having a siblings.” Adri remarked: “Oh, I forgot you guys only see relation with cores, not with the body only. I always find it strange when you call Aliya, Dokia and Mira sister while Pandro and Urial you call brothers… I always find that so confusing something.” Nighla added: “True, but we see the world from our cores. We see him as our brother not cause we came from the same father, but because we came from the same Place. Our cores were made from the same source after all. That’s how we see it, Adri, Julia and all the other Valariyan’s are our families. You all are like our families.” 
Junior took tone as he added: “But I’m not a Valariyan…” Summari remarked at that moment: “Then activate your Drive. To activate a core is to tap into the source of your very core, you have a core of Kazemi, when our father created the Valariyan’s officially on the night you were taken, they became like family, those how are connected to. Once you activate your drive you will tap into the source of your core, and connect to Kazemi’s Will.” Julia added on this part: “True, but remember that there is 2 components to connecting to a core, in this case, a Will(Subconscious) or a Drive(Conscious). When you you activate it you need to focus on one aspect of it. There are also different displaces in using it. That why it takes so long to be a Valariyan. For most it takes atleast 80 years, while others it takes a lot longer. So keep that in mind.” Junior was shocked but he also noted all that he saw Arai, Hope and Zoe do even the stories of Aliya now made him worry as he remarked: “So how long did it take you guys to activate it?” Summari smiled as she stated: “Well me, Nighla, Dokia and Urial Had our drives and wills of our fully active.” Julia pushed Summari off: “Please a cheat like you doesn’t count. So for me it took me 20 years actually.” Junior eyes widened as Dokia noted: “Yeah, you don’t count either, you monster!” Julia simply laughed at that with a gleeful smile as Adri noted to Junior: “Don’d mind Julia, she changed quite a lot from whom you remember right. Well she is a prodigy, one of such a great class that Mira stated that she reminded her of Arai back in the Academy. The myth was still set as Julia at a very young age was already on a different class with her ability and skill, and this was before she Got a core of Kazemi, now she was around 6 years old when they came to Apexia while Summari and Nighla were only a 1 years old by that time. With Junior being a few months(3). Julia and Sethma along side Nevir jr. were already being trained as their core types were discovered. Now the Revyn clan by all rights is still a Primals clan, the Prescian clan fully moved here to Apexia with the 2 children of the next generations both having a Ascendent Cores, Julia with her Time-Energy: Harmonic Light - Note she has a Kazemi - Tool made by Summari with the Beginning-Creation core.) and Sethma (Life/Death-Earth; Chaotic-Darkness core.” Adri took a a breath as she continued: 
“Now Julia and Sethma are what you like to consider over achievers. We still call them Sofia’s greatest achievement, cause that woman’s womb carrying two Ascend cores, that is impressive I must say. But Julia was in all rights perfect with all she did. She is a prodigy, not one on Arai’s level per se at the time, but she was skilled indeed. But it was what happened near the end of the war, she would challange a 4 year old Summari to a fight and lose. Thought Summari had her drive active, it was still a massive blow to Julia, who started to challenge her all the time. Imagine that, imagine just how hard Julia had to work in order to compete with your sister. Well I must say though, Lord Kazemi really did work his magic on manipulating you Julia, making you assume you were simply not working hard enough. Well still she started working even harder, to the point that when the time came for the Valariyan came to learn about connecting to the drive, she would take the badge of honour on being the first with a record of 20 years. She was just really sickly motivated. That’s all. That the main reason she so good. She’s so skilled that even now she is assigned as Summari right hand, so again don’t assume she is special, she was just sickly obsessed with beating a child.” Julia made a frown with that last comment as she added: “Yeah, a baby that could create a whole sun, she made a sun in her hands… I rest my case!” Summari simply laughed thinking back on it as she added: “Well it turned out well, I mean you are my best friend and right hand to so it turned out perfectly.” Julia nodded on that part as Junior looked on at Nighla: “So if Julia is Summari best friend, do you have one Nighla? Or are you the non-best friend type?” Nighla simply grabbed Dokia: “This is my best friend. That’s rights, now you can go and tell all your friends that your big sister is best-friends with death herself!” She said with a great smirk as Dokia added: “Yeah and mine is the end of all things. What a pair we are.” Adri added: “yeah a pair of monsters. You 2 alone caused your father to work double time whenever you would sneak of together, I remember I crossed you path once and nearly lost my head, it it wasn’t for Paradise being active at the time, I would have died. You 2 were, are and will always be monsters!” Her words echoed with the sound of a simple sound. 
They spent more time simply chatting as day would come on that Sunday morning they were supposed to prepare to leave. 

Now in the time as the children played in the room, there would be a moment as Tina would be alone on in room, it would go completely black, The walls and space simply vanished as Tina froze still, she noticed 2 small orbs floating in the near distance, it was hard to tell distance in that darkness and Tina simply look on in pure silence trying to control her breathing.: 
“I will ask once and you will answer me, lie to me even a little bit and I will take your life are we clear?” The voice felt like it was speaking right to her core, as she simply nodded. To scare to move, the room felt like it was surrounded by a force of pure black Hatred and Rage, like she could feel his anger towards her, or better yet the anger he was truly feeling. She was frozen as her fear of Irane took hold as she listen to his words: “What happened to Irane Juniors Core? What duo you know about it, and don’t tell me it’s mana posing cause if you do I will assume that you’re a stupid fraud who is not worth my time!” His eyes shined brighter as Tina heart felt like it sank to her stomach, she opened her trembling mouth slowly: “I don’t know, I really don’t. I was simply a member of the Consa House working as the lead in the clans medical unit. I was assigned to Junior by Minia 2 months ago as he suddenly got really really sick. The facts where I didn’t know the full scope of it. I checked and all signs lead to mana poisoning, but form within the body, as though the mana the core was producing was having a negative reaction to the mana being made. It only calmed down after he stopped using his core, and his mana. But when he did, he would siffer agonising pain. But as of late I have noticed a change that his body is adapting and healing naturally. I swear, I don’t know anything beyond that or what was done to his core, that is knowledge only Lady Minia nows about.” Her words were shaky as Irane stared at her moving slowly closer as a moving black mass closer to her: “You did not Lie! I want you to tell you master something Dog, that she had better undo whatever she did to him, or the next time I see her, I will subject to numerous forms of torture and suffering that no sane person would be able to endure! Are we clear Tina Consa?” Tine went down to her knees, prostrating herself before him as she held her eyes closed: “Yes, Yes I understand!” She was down for some time until she gathered the courage to open her eyes. She saw how the room was back to normal with not even the slightest sign that he was ever there. 

Now the time came for Irane Jr. to leave. As he would gather to leave. Irane would see him off as he would offer him a roll of medication: “Tell your mother to take better care of your health. This role has medication which should help with the irritation and control with your mana. This is just a temporary fix though. Get better. He said as he extended his left hand to him: “Noting how when someone concludes business with someone and won’t see them for a long time, they conclude their time together with a left handshake.” As they did. He looked on at his sisters as he thanked Nighla for the book on ‘Z’ and also thanked Summari for her words. He left of as Summari would get teary eyed at their brother leaving while Nighla now was more stoic indeed. 
Then as Irane was about to Go, Artemis informed his brother that he would be staying behind in Apexia, based on business under the Osiro clan with the Apexian’s. As Mora would present Irane with a sealed document with Taliya Wov’s marker. Criya took it on his behalf and opened it, noting it as a request for Aliya to see the Emperor. Now he didn’t say it out-loud as Artemis, Qin and Mora weren’t told what the content of the letter was. But only to give it to him. Irane looked on as he took the note with his own hands: 
“I see, well I can indeed do that, but there is a request I have for you Artemis Osiro, a request that you Mora Apolo and Qin Navar will aid with, using all you have for it too. Do you accept?” Irane didn’t disclose the full details as Junior would approach Artemis, warning her against this, as this was for him a dangerous move, a move that would lead her to being questioned for treason, as Irane would speak up: “Only if you allow it? Lord Irane Consa? After all the migration of the humans in Apexia back to Earth will need someone to work from our side to, so why not simply assigned her to it!” Irane was sly for his ability to move pieces as it was clear this was all part of Taliya’s plan. Irane in fact didn’t know her all that well, but the note was clear enough in its instruction as Irane added: “Come now big brother, you cause you have duties, doesn’t mean you should let your little sister suffer all alone.” The were cut deep on Junior as he knew full well how right he was, even though it wasn’t a nice fact to admit to as he would simply step on the ship informing his warriors to not speak about this to anyone.” He flew away in what seemed like a hurry, as Irane sighed at what he had to do, at that moment. 

Irane looked on at the 3 Primals: “So you want to see the Emperor do you… well I can grant you audience, your actually fortunate as he will be awake tomorrow. But there is condition.” Qin noted: “So that request is not enough?” Irane laughed slightly: “Just cause you get an invitation to enter the house, doesn’t mean you’re permitted to walk the yard to the house.” Artemis spoke up now, the young voice speaking up loudly now: “What do you require Uncle Irane?” Irane looked on at her and smiled a bit as he spoke: “Simple little one, I want you to promise me, that you will remove your mother as head of the Osiro Clan, and I want you to take it over!” The request shocked the 3 as Mora spoke up: “Wait, so what you want Artemis as the head of the clan so you can control it by controlling her?” Irane smiled: “Oh please, don’t be ridiculous, you would make for horrible spies. No I simply want Artemis to take the title as Clan leader and to take position of Father Nature! That is all. You are free to do whatever you want afterwards, all I want is that you take the throne and your mother is off!” There was confusing as Qin spoke: “Why, why do you care about something like that? How does that benefit you?” Irane looked at Qin right in the eye as he added: “Because I hate that woman for giving Irane Junior over to Minia. I hate her for what she did to him, and that’s that!” His anger was evident to be clear as he didn’t even begin to hide his intent as he looked on waiting for their reply which came in the form of Artemis Agreeing to it. In that moment Qin and Mora both also took a knee and agreed to offer Artemis their aid in this!” Irane smiled on as he told them: “Good prepare yourselves, for tomorrow you shall be in Paradise!” 
The 3 of them took note as Irane walked on of for the preparations. Criya would be asked to keep an eye on them as now they would be considered the emperor’s guests and envoys for the Wov clans and Tool-Marker of father-Time, under the request. This a truly golden ticket to Paradise in a way. 
In the afternoon Mora would ask Artemis what she plans to say and what did tally tell her, he wanted answers as even Qin was in the dark, also wanting answers to. He stood by the side listening as Artemis spoke: “Taliya told me to simply speak my hearts request, she said she would allow me to see him as apparently the Emperor and Lord Irane are 2 different people.” That was a shocking discovery as Artemis added: “Taliya said she wanted me to see him and speak to him, that’s all she said.” 
“Is that so, well that girl sure is brave.” Nina voice cut through as the 2 looked back see Nina Nexal behind them. They felt worried as they didn’t even feel her presence enter the room as she would look on at the 3 of them: “Listen up, you came at a fortunate time indeed as the Emperor is only awakened twice a year, You are truly lucky you came at the time you did. I came to prepare you to access Paradise!” Qin smirked a bit: “The way you all talk about this place, you make it truly seem like a truly one of a kind place!” Nina laughed a bit: “Trust me, You will understand the difference indeed. You see Sethia is Irane Kazemi’s city, a place he personally works on with his technology and skill. The city is the 4 most technologically advance city in the whole of Apexia, it is amazing as you saw. But Paradise is the city of Kazemi Irane and in a few hours you will never be able to forget the difference.” 

Nina infromed them of the rules: “You will be walking with Lord Irane tomorrow to Paradise, stand by his side until the Throne room, stop right before the steps. In truth you aren’t allowed to enter Paradise because if you did you would die instantly, but if you walk with Lord Irane, you can access it while staying alive.” The instructions were more terrifying than anything as prepared a set of special outfits. She gave Mora one with the Apola family crest from there, while Qin was give one of the Navar’s clan. Artermis, was give a specially made while and black cloak with golden marking all over. It had no special markings except with the symbol of a golden dragon and Tree on it.” Nina looked at them as she noted for them to treat this clothes as sacred as Milla made them last minute and as a perfectionist like her it was truly a lot of work, and they owed her a lot. 
As the sun set Nina brought them to a temple were they were required to go and bath in, with separate one for each person. Milo her son would escort the man, while Nina took Summari, Artemis, Dokia and Nighla with her to the woman’s temple. They existed fully dressed with the other Valariyan who were also there. It was truly a set ritual as they all moved along, as Milo added: “There is a multiple temple’s  in every city, Tulla, Ether and hades to, but Sethia had the largest number and on record the best ones for preparation. There was a lot of movement in the exited section of the temple. Qin and Mora noted how well the suits fitted them, so well. As they noted on how they looked and the design of each of the outfit as Criya would note: “All the outfits are made by Milla Ores, as the main designer for the whole of the Valariyan’s in terms of ceremonial outfits. The Ores clan is noted as a Great clan for her work. And she also makes all the outfits we as main military members and Great and Grand Royal houses leaders. She handles a lot in terms of what she does, and she is amazing at it to, so treat that outfit as the masterpiece it is cause she puts her all into every outfit. Irane appeared as he added: “Indeed, her work never fails to impress.” Irane said with a direct tone. He was fully dressed in a Golden outfit, with 10 other colours marked around, each unique and all around, the outfit was truly a special class as Irane gestured to them to begin. It was about to hit midnight: “When it hit midnight we will walk to Paradise, Primals. It will take about 5 hours, as we will arrive just before sunrise. By the time the sun starts to peek out the emperor will be awake.” He said as he told them clearly: “You are permitted in Paradise, but it doesn’t mean you will be save, so stay close to me.” He said as he extended his right hand to Artemis, walking with her by her pace, Qin and Mora walked behind them as they moved to Paradise. The walk was long indeed as Irane would carry Artemis on his back at many points on the journey as they wouldn’t stop once. It took some adjusting as the path felt like the air was getting denser and harder for them toe breath, their vision became blurry for a moment as they could no longer seen past Irane. It was a truly strange as it felt like it was getting heavier and heavier. Like the very world was adding pressure onto them.” Soon after a large amount of time, Irane stopped as Qin and Mora who were truly breathless would appear before the gate. Artemis was also breathing heavily despite being on his back. Irane stopped as he a massive wall stood before them. It was as though it stretched into the sky, and all around the area before them.”The Wall that covers over the Emperor’s Sanctuary, His Paradise!” Irane said but his voice was with reverence, as though it was a line rehearsed to be a part of him. He moved through the wall, as he walked with Artemis through, Qin and Mora looked on as they followed. As they passed in the saw how they were within Paradise, the dark deep path lead to a golden city, one that seemed almost impossibe. The city was in an advance state, more advanced than anything. Then the sky was another sight all together with different small sons of different colour were high in the sky. The star were out even though it was like a fun day, the while area was just like a city in different realm of space, The Palace was the crown point, with a massive Golden Tree right behind it, with even other buildings around it. Irane was staggering as he walked forward, Artemis, Qin and Mora simply in awe. The city felt impossible. They moved though it in lighting speed, as the size of it was a while country in size it seemed. But the centre was clear by the base of the golden Tree, right by the Palace point was a massive golden Orb, shining as the 2nd highest point, right by the under area of the of the tree. They moved on in on a direct path, As a machanice snake appeared, altering the section path before them, and moving them slowly to the palace, as they did Irane mana began to change before. It was clear to Mora and Qin as with a core of Space and Life/Death his state was clear to them as he moved from his human form, to his champion form, and moving higher in power per minute. Steadily increasing with time. His body was chasing with his wings increasing in size and a second pair came out, his horns grew out and his size grew just bit more as his breathing stopped and his mana just flowed all around them like a golden fire. Soon they were just before the Palace as Irane walked on with them, they looked on as the designed on the Palace where simply on a different class. It was not simply a Palace, it was a clear monument to Kazemi Irane. As imagine of his beasts and different forms were all around. All the students of Kazemi along with the Flangs of all the grand houses, and the Great House all around the main area. It was clear by the design which was which. The banners were large but none as large as the Flag of Apex behind the Throne high above. The Thone room was Golden like a gallary with all the watch areas extending almost infinity all around. Soon Irane paused he let Artemis hand go and told them to stop, he stood still right before the steps leaning up to the throne. It was an ornate Throne with the Armour Sanctuary On it set in a siting position, with The Empiric Spear, Sword, Bow, Staff, Dagger, Chains, Shield and Hammer with an orb above the on the head of the Throne. The Primals looked as the Valariyan’s all appearing around the room, in that moment millions of people appeared in that space, it was impossible to fit so many in such a space, but all where there as Irane took a deep breath looking on at the throne. He was now at 49%, he charged his mana as he took step up to the throne, there was a large number of stares leading up, but each step for him felt like being blasted by a Blazing son from above and within. Irane granted loudly as though in pain, no it was a deep pain in all rights as each step unlocked the memories of the Trail, he moved up as they came flooding in, remember was like a horror as millions of years of memories came flooding back, making him forget about the feeling of his body being set alight. He moved on as his body started to glow with a blinding golden light. As Qin and Mora bowed low with Artemis. They Valariyan’s didn’t look away at the intense blinding light. Irane body was now of pure energy it seemed as his dragon appendages where fully lit in their glory, as he neared the throne, The Armour of Sanctuary broke into pieces and reformed around Irane’s blazing body. Soon as he took his final step be be the right hight for the throne, his core reach 50% and an intense bust of energy roared around the room. It was now a charging light as Kazemi sat on the Throne. As his armour morphed and changed his form, making merging with his form, he was massive, like an avatar or a massive human, his armour seemed to merge with his skin as his body appeared now as a normal form, he had massive and long wings, with horns on a different scale. With his tail moving around the lower section of the Throne. His face was now visible with more energy streaming out in the sides of his face, his hair was a being golden glow. His energy was overwhelming. 

Audis voice cut cleanly though: “Valariyan’s of Apexia. Bow before the absolute authority of Apexia. He who stands as the core of cores. The 8th champion of Kazemi, The Emperor of Apexia: “Kazemi C. Irane!” They all bowed low, Irane looked on as his moved in his throne, it shifted in design to be more wide and open as he pulled his feet onto the edge as he moved back to be more comfortable on it. He sat more like a relaxing deity, doing his best to be comfortable. Kazemi looked on as Qin and Mora simply stared at his current form, he was a completely different being as The whole Area around his throne changed as Mira Apeared by his right hand side and Pandro on his left, He looked on at Mira and Pandro: “So its that time of the year… I wonder how many desire to be Valariyan’s? Mira noted: “We are set with a surge of 1,400,000 desire my lord.” Kazemi face was shocked as he asked: 
“Well damn, the last time there was just 50, why the sudden increase.” He looked on in his mind, looking. At the memories from Arai’s mind, this was the fastest way for him to catch up with information as he noted: “Ah I see, so the human in a panic now that they are being called back to Earth, but what fools. To choose such a path, trying to climb to your ranks my Valariyan’s. So be it. But first…” he looked down at Qin, Mora and Artemis who looking at him like they were in a trance, he was hard to understand as Irane simply leaned a bit forward staring at them: “Artemis Osiro, Mora Apolo and Qin Navar, it seems you have came to my Paradise to see me right? Well I must admit I am interested to know what you would like from me?” There was a slince as Qin and Mora shared a glance, they didn’t know what to say in this moment. Each word they were about to speak felt like the difference between life and death. If Irane Kazemi was a man, Kazemi Irane was the full definition of a being on a different level. He looked on as he waited and the seconds of silence were hard to get back as they lost their minds in thinking about a response. Soon Artemis voice cut through: “Lord Kazemi, I Artemis Osiro, have come to ask you to help me, I have but one request for you, and that is your help in accessing my core and truly using and seeing it!” Qin and Mora where fully confused by her words as they felt his eyes move over to them, it was like he was looking through to their cores, like all they were was already bare, as Qin spoke: “I desire only to be of service to Lady Taliya Wov, and so I would beg for your aid in that. In making y core one that can be of true service to her!” His words were of a man who had lived to decades already serving as Kazemi noted his words he looked over to Mora who immediately spoke up: “I desire nothing more then power to protect Aliya cause I admire her spirit, I truly do, I want to protect it and her, I wish for the power to support her Lord Irane instructed.” He was quick with his words as though speaking from his nerves taking over.
Kazemi looked on: “Is that so, so that’s why you have come, but I do want to know what will you give me? In truth I will make this simple. I will agree if you offer me all you are at this moment. Give me everything you are.” There was a hesitation to Qin and Mora but Artemis spoke immediately: “Take it, it is yours!” Qin and Mora again were stunned but they followed their ladies lead. Kazemi smiled as he pulled his right hand up, In that moment mana flowed out form the three of them as they formed three orbs of pure mana and merged into one small orb. All three in one as Kazemi would simply consume it, it was the memories, experience and  emotions, their techniques and spells. All that their cores were and marked with. Qin was still quite confused as Kazemi remarked: 
“I see… well I must admit Qin Navar, you have lived indeed. I wish I could keep your core, and have it ripen in garden, as well as your Mora, but you still have some time to mature well. The really interesting case though… tell me Artemis, don’t you feel like becoming a Valariyan? Do you not wish to be a member of my court. To grow her, in Apexia, here in my Paradise?” Kazemi was serious in his desire to have her join his people, truly as Artemis shook her head: “I have different goal that I must complete, I must be the head of the Osiro, because I promise lord Irane I would!” Kazemi moved back on his chair: “is that so… I wonder how oftain I’m gonna get in my own ways. I’m sure he knew I was going to ask to. Well I can’t complain.” Kazemi had gentle smile as he looked the 3 of them: “You’ve lived quite a life all three of you, well as payback for you offering me all that you are, all that makes you, the you that you are today, I will offer you my aid. In truth I am curious what will come of this, but I do ask that every 10 years you must come to Apexia and offer me all you are if you are able.” He looked to smile but it was far too grand. His frame was just to much as they couldn’t speak with him looking at his face. 

Kazemi smile was a slight as he looked at the: “You know I wish you didn’t have to seem so on edge. I mean I get that my form is a bit much to be honest, but relax please.” Kazemi moved his left hand as it showed a hundred different screens, each was an image of what the Valariyan’s had on the first time he saw them all. Kazemi noted: “I laughed when I saw what your faces looked like from the perspective of Irane, you all look at me like I’m so awe inspiring sight. It really is a bit much you must admit. 
Arai’s voice cut through in there crowed: “Well maybe things would be easier if you didn’t take the form of a giant don’t you think?” Artemis, Qin and Mora all looked on, Artemis simply looked on in confusion, but Qin and Mora, they were worried. They had heard about Arai like any other Person from the Primals had. And her face was easy to stop, it was unmistakable as the 2 man wondered what she was doing here. Now besides her was Hope and Zoe, with Summari and Nighla along side the other children. He looked on at Arai as he added: “Well forgive me, I would love to be what you consider normal size, but I don’t want to make the effort of using more then 51%, it will take hours to revert back to my human form at 49%, so no you will enjoy me as I am.” Kazemi looked on at the gathered masses as he reached out his right hand. Internally he called each of them by their names and pulled the mana from them, but not from within, but from. The tree as the massive tree behind the palace The Primals looked on in confusing as they focused on the flowers, each branch, and each leaf connected to a bud, some where small with other were massive like blooming flowers, and others were moving to being small fruits, each flowing out some energy towards Kazemi right hand. As it connected and became and orb which he consumed right there. The same as he did with the Primals. As he added: “Well considered the last time, there are far more issues indeed.” He laughed as he leaned back on his throne and looked on at the 3 woman: “So do tell, why aren’t you done with the work assigned to you yet? The school system is still quite to crude for what we need for the people, and it clashes to much with the system for the Apexian’s. I must admit I didn’t expect this to take you so long my ‘master-mind’(Arai)” Kazemi looked on as he critiqued the work as he added: “My sweet-heart, we are still back up on the required equipment for the cities of Nye and Typhon, he need that equipment to keep everything in order you know.” And do tell me ‘very-body’ what is the issue with the beasts we have?” Kazemi moved back as he added: “At this rate Irane won’t get any sleep for another 10 years. Kazemi smiled oddly as the 3 woman simply stared at him in annoyance at his words… as Kazemi added: “Or maybe you are to distracted with day dreaming about the weddings your all planing… though I must admit I find that odd seeing as I did officially set that up already.” 
Isoke interrupted: “No, things will be done in the right order… especially for you Kazemi. This is the first royal wedding and besides, you will need to get a son at least in order to truly be a full Royal Family according to the needs of the Empire.” 
It was Artemis who is a confused note added: “But he already has a son? NO…” Kazemi and Isoke looked on as Isoke adjusted her glasses: “Child even though your older brother is technically Kazemi’s son, he is not a Valariyan like Nighla and Summari, so we don’t recognise him as such and thus that is the order of things.” Kazemi spoke with annoyance: “Honestly I find the rules strange, I mean a clan must provide a son and daughter of the clan before they set as a royal clan. I mean I agreed to it, but I still find the rule to be a bit much in all regards. Well not like I can complain, well whatever. I whatever.” He looked on at all the people who were in the Throne room. The Millions of Valariyan’s as Kazemi stood up and stretched out his body: “I must admit I feel like maybe I should decrease the time I appear, perhaps twice.” Mira remarked: “I get you hate entering this form, and all but you still have your duties to undertake, so maybe we need to make it 3 times a year over just 2.” There was a bit of laughter that rumbled across the room from the Valariyan’s as Kazemi looked on at them all with a deep smile. It was almost peaceful as Kazemi looked on: “Tukko make sure you lay of the sugar, Maarima you’ve been slacking on your work, Tulumi Please take a break once in a while, do you really want to be like Isoke? Being a workaholic is not fun you know!” He said with a massive grin on his face. He was speaking to his people, one by one, but it also felt like he was having a hundred different conversation at one. People replied at once, different voices echoing in the Throne room as nodded and spoke back to each of them. It was hard, no impossible to follow as he continued. 
Then after a moment a long time of the room just coming to life there was silence as Kazemi remained standing. Audis spoke up: “All Valariyan’s I request that you all stand for it is time!” Artemis and her group looked on in wonder at what was coming as Milla Ores in a pure golden cloak and a mask of plain design, it was purely while, with no markers, no section for the eyes or mouth. She was fully covered head to toe as she approached and stood by the stairs with Mira walking down and meeting her. She ware the Ardent marker with the markers of Ether, the forge on her. Milla looked on as she activated her Drive. Her connection to Kazemi’s core. For all regular Valariyan’s to activate the core is to tap into a grain of Kazemi’s core, it is a power that depending on how one learn to use it would have different effects. But there was also ranks to it as those who were able to use the core to a high degree. 

Now the Drive and Will are both considered abilities of great power, the power to tap into the source as one would say. The drive is a connection to the core and the mana though it of the source. When a Valariyan uses Kazemi’s Drive they are able to access all the other elements with it, but depending on their ability or skill, they can only access a set amount of elements over their own. The Will is different as it offers one the mindset of kazemi, a state to which your sense, ability to gather, process and use the data from around. As the Drive offers the raw power, the will offers the thought process locked one their main core types. Able to obtain access to a number of Spells or techniques from Kazemi. But these are the base levels. Now with time a person learns to harness and draw more from their Kazemi’s Core. It is considered the next level in terms of ability, when a person tabs into the Drive, they can add to it from one of the 5 Drive(
Mind - Art, 
Heart - Tool, 
Body - Beast, 
Creation - Primordial Mana, 
Destruction - Apex Core) which givers them more access to abilities, Now Julia for example is a practitioner of and user of the Creation Core’s drive. While the same of the Will with them attacked to the main Will cores(
Souls - Access to the memory of the past such as being able to speak or interact with souls of the dead wth the same core type. 
Emotions - Able to turn their emotions to additional energy, 
Death - Able to heal through death and has the ability to enhance the mana of the person to be more like life or Death force boosting abilities, 
Spells - Access to a reserve of spells based on their core type, all from Kazemi’s catalog. 
Techniques - Access to the techniques locked on the core type. 

Now learning to access the Core of Kazemi is a requirement for all Valariyan’s, it is the first test and this is what takes the 80 years. To just learn to access it, but those who move further, are considered to be Masters of Kazemi Abilities. They are very few and rare, as so far only Assa, Criya, Jade, Adri, Isoke, Nina and Audis have mastered it. Assa is noted as a very special case as she had a core of Kazemi of Evolution, one of the body and is stated as the only one who has unlocked their cores ability further within the first attempt. 
Now Milla Ores was being honoured on this day, as she active her cores drive, and started to walk up the stairs. It was her final test as she moved up per step, more and more. He cloths changed as they were altered by her mana pushing out. It required true mastery and skill to walk up these stairs, to stay conscious as you move ever closer. This was a test many failed indeed and only those who have truly mastered the next level of a Kazemi core get this title. Milla moved slowly as her golden outfit altered with Purple shade, mixing and changing with the Gold on the outfit, Her mask cracked more and more as she walked up. It was clearly a struggle but all Valariyan’s watched with excitement and anticipation. As she finally reach the top, her mask shattered revealing her face to all. Set up, as she was in her Angel form{Note: Alter Web to be Tool note a beast. A machincal spider now able to weave a special tread from the mana given to it. It was a versatile tool allowed Milla to use things as weapons, making webs or even cloths with her ability} 
She looked on as her face looked on, it was a set with metallic purple markers all around the base of the face and around. She bowed Low as the whole Room screamed out in pure celebration. Kazemi closer as Mira stood behind Milla: “Milla Ores, it is always a pleasure far beyond anything you can understand when a person masters a core of mine, and truly makes it theirs. Milla you have mastered your core, marking it upon yourself as you master the Heart of all things. You put your very all into everything, everything you have, always and uncompromising in that act. As such I offer you the title of Master of the Emperor’s Tools! Congratulations, You have far exceeded any of my expectations in every possible manner. And so…” Kazemi moved his wings, placing a Red marker on her hair, same as the one on Hope, right thought he golden section of her hair: “This is proof as any other, you are truly an elite in all regards.” Milla bowed low: “I am honoured to have made you so happy, Lord Kazemi.” She turned as Kazemi returned to sitting down. The Throne room erupted on again as the makers of the Ores, and Milla’s personal crest was on the sides of the Throne, a truly honourable moment as Kazemi moved her banner to join the few at the bottom of his Empiric Flag, All this who master his cores were now set: Assa - Body - Evolution
Criya - Mind - Art
Jade - Emotion
Isoke - Death 
Adri - Soul 

Now we must now Aura is currently studying in the Spells field, Julia was learning the Creation drive, while Sethma was in the death class. Now Milo was learning the Destruction. With Creation and Destruction being the hardest to master then all the others. There were only about 100 per class for those cores from the over 10 million Valariyan’s all there. Tyler was learning techniques. Milla banner was high as she looked on at the celebrating voices. To be a master is to be someone who is always themselves. In all rights. She walked the part of using all she had, always. Never leaving a drop out. 
Kazemi allowed them to clap for several minutes, as this was a truly amazing achievement. He raised his had to silence everyone as he added: “Do me a favour and tell Irane to give you a nice long hug please Milla. He will understand. Milla smiled as she moved down being met by Milo and Hope who were congratulating her. He moved on as he looked at the 3 Primals. He created three golden sheets of paper as he handed on to each, the letters were impossible to see for anyone besides the person whom it was ment for as Kazemi added: “Offer these to Irane, he will know what to do. But I do warn you now. The path you seek to walk Artemis is a dark one, one far darker and far more painful the the loneliness in your heart. I hope you comprehend that. Well regardless I know Irane will help you out. He is a lot better at this them me, according to all my people.” Pandro remarked: “Of course he is, your just evil in your training methods, its to much!” He said a rumble through the room began and stopped at Kazemi replied: “yeah, yeah, yeah. You say that but if I’m counting properly, I have 4 masters trained under me, he only has 1, and that is Milla!” Pandro added: “True, but Aura, Julia, Sethma and Milo are all on track to master their cores as well. And at a far greater rate than from you. Even Nighla and Summari have finally began to be able to use spells and techniques now, even Arts. A feat you weren’t able to accomplish, but he has, in fact you by all rights ruined those damn children! Even Dokia and Urial are a million times better now!” His words were filled wth the pain from Pandro’s own time training under Kazemi. It was pure hell. “You know, all you’re saying is that a younger version of me is just a better teacher. Well that’s fine with me!” 
Kazemi moved back as he looked on at his Valariyans: “Well that was more then enough, I have already sent those for the trial in. Only 100,000 from the over million crowed survived and passed! Well more automatons for me to use. Urial get ready, we will have a number of sleepless nights once again. He looked on: “Summari, Nighla I will offer you each about 30% each, so don’t over do it!” He said as he moved back on his throne. 
He looked on to his people: “Well this was fun, I believe the next time I will see you all In 6 months time… well then again, I will see you all later actually. Please don’t over do it. All of you make sure you live your lives well and completely. Apexia will fall like any other empire, but it will fall after 100,000 years at least. We are the foundation of the empire. We whose bodies will form the foundation of the world.

As he said that the Valariyan’s all bowed low: “Kazemi’s Will is absolute, and we are that Will extended. May the Emperor’s Paradise, never die!” They all said as Kazemi smiled and began to Revert back to his normal form, he closed his eyes as his outfit and skin changed, he became a slammer to the size of a normal man fully armoured. The energy flowing through was intense as the golden light and his main surge through the Throne Room. As he was moving back Mira approached Artemis: “You will need to wait an hour before he is done reverting to his human from so you’ll need to be a bit patient.” She said as he approached them. In a moment Arai, Hope and Zoe approached the three. Zoe looked on at Qin: “Its been far far to long, I believe the last time I saw you was when I just a young girl, Nephew!” Said with a light smile as Qin replied: “That is true, it’s good to see you against Auntie… well it’s better to see you away from the war front.” Mora was shocked as he asked: “Wait your her nephew how?” His was more confused based on the age difference between them as Qin answered with a bit of annoyance in having to explain: “My father is Auntie Zoe’s Older brother. He was quite young when he had me.” Zoe added: “I had 6 siblings from my mother and father, but my older brother was my father’s first child with his first wife. But all of my siblings died while I was young. Qin was born long before me, but I am still his Auntie. I remember forcing you to call me that as a child. You look a lot better now, no longer an old raison of man.” Qin frowned slightly as they interacted. Mora looked on at Hope silently. He had seen her on the battle field serval time, as he was part of Ember and Minia’s squad, changing and shifting. So he saw her several time, even acting as the squad transportation and co-ordination master. He simply nodded at here. Even though they were part of the same clan, Mora was more of a distant relative. Hope moved closer as she extended her right hand out. Mora was confused for a moment as he recalled Irane’s words on the definition of shaking hands in Apexia as he extended his right hand back. She smiled softly: “It’s a pleasure to see you cousin.” Mora was shocked by her reaction. She was so different from both the young girl and woman he saw in the battle field. He wasn’t sure on the best way to express it as he simply replied. Artemis looked on at Arai. A face she had seen on so many pages in her mother’s study. She had seen the reports and work her mother had on her. It was clear just how obsessed Ember was with Arai. So seeing her face to face was difficult for the child. She had nothing but horrible and in all honesty terrifying things about her. How she burned down the cities of the Ascen. How she was a monster in the war. There were far too many stories of the Monster known as Arai. Even her name was never fully altered. Not by the normal citizens of the Primals. None dared to speak it, simply referring to her as the Witch of Orians. A witch was known as a monster. A truly terrifying name to call a woman who was seen as evil in all rights. 
Arai extended her hand to Artemis who was frozen with fear, as she simply pinched her cheek: “Relax, I’m really not as bad as people assume I am.” She said with a smile. She knew what most assumed about her. Artemis’s expression was the perfect example of this in all facts. “Oh, please the rumours on me and Zoe are bad, but you, your just a monster in all rights!” Hope said with an exaggerated tone as Zoe added: “True, But between the three of us, I can at least hold my head up for not having destroyed a whole city.” She had a massive smile at that a Hope remarked: “True, I destroyed a city, Arai destroyed a continents worth of cities and towns, but you know that was all man made, you destroyed a mountain that existed for Hundred of thousands of years. In my opinion, you’re your far worse for destroying a national monument.” Arai added: “Well I would like to remind you all that I didn’t destroy those cities, all I did was provide the target data, mana requirements, and also how to get past the mana shields over the major cities. Kazemi destroyed them. So seeing as I didn’t use a single bit on my mana, it genuinely can’t count.” They all looked at her in pure amazement at her words as Aliya suddenly appeared being them: “Oh please every action Lord Irane does is in all rights your fault! Everything.” Arai simply shrugged as he extended out to the whole royal palace. The was a calm as Artemis spoke meekly: “Is it true… that you made the Emperor?” There was a moment of silence as all looked on at Artemis: “I over overheard when I was younger that you created him?”
“Well I wouldn’t say she made me. It’s better to define it as she was responsible for making me into the version I am today.” Irane’s voice carried through as the Armour opened and he walked out weakly, holding onto the Speak Apexia as he got out. He stood up high with pure exhaustion written over his face. Pandro moved to support him as they walked down: “I really hate going to 50%, it’s just to much…” Pandro added: “True, but we at least were able to gather enough power to run the cities for an additional decade. So that’s not so bad right” Irane smirked slightly as they approached the others. Artemis, Qin and Mora all bowed low, as Irane added: “So what did you think? The emperor on a different class isn’t he? ”They nodded as they extended the papers. Irane looked at them for an instant: “I see more work it seems.” He looked on at the three gathered: “Well I can help you three out. I really don’t mind. But I must make one thing clear, as of this moment you are all noted as students of Kazemi based on this letter but I want this to be far and clear. I am not responsible for your actions after today… I will teach you the basics of what is needed for using a Tool and Beast properly!” 
Qin’s expression shifted to confusion as he added: “You know that we can enter our demon and angel forms right? So what do you mean teach us about them?” Irane smiled a bit as he added: “So tell me Qin and Mora, compared to the tools and beasts you had before the ones you have now, are they the same?” Mora shook his head in disagreement: “Compare to my old tool, Glacial Order is a completely different class of Tool. Qin also nodded in an agreement as Irane added: “I will let you in on a little secret. The 3 Grand Class tools Cronus, Gaia, Vraka and Selis make are in a different class than the regular tools that they make, those who wield them are gifted with longevity in their life spans. Its why Elorah and Azen lived for over a thousand years. Each of the 12 Gand class tools are created to sync directly with the main cores of the 4 of them. To activate one’s core when they have no tool or beast allows a person to connect right with the source, the pillars. Its one of the major reason the Ascen are so unique, they connect right to the source, while the Alma and the Spirits need to connect to Vraka and Selis in order to gain power and an amplification to their abilities. Kazemi calls it igniting one’s core. Most people know the extreme version where they burn their very life force to power their attacks and abilities. But we all know that is more of a suicidal technique than anything, But core ignition is a different ability. It’s not as powerful as using one’s very life force, but it is still an incredible power to wield. Once you learn to connect to the cores of Mother Nature and Father Time, you’ll be able to do a lot more. Ability, skills and knowledge all lined up in certain ways. I will teach you. 

Irane stared for a moment at Arai as he added: “Zoe, you will be in charge of Mora’s training, Zoe you will aid with Qin’s training and Arai, you will help Artemis. I believe this solves our major issues initially.” Arai face shifted for a moment as she read Irane’s thoughts and understood what her main role was. Irane was fully prepared to end the current reign as Arai asked directly: “Are you sure? I mean considering how much Ember hates me, do, you think it’s safe to do this?” Irane’s face stiffened: “Yes, That woman dared to offer my son to the wolves. I think this is the perfect manner of retribution. Her daughter will be trained by the woman whom she fears and hates above all others.” He smiled coldly as he stared at Artemis: “Oh I can’t wait for you to be the one to bear Cronus!” Mira felt his anger, his hatred for them as he moved on forward with the aid of Pandro. 
The day passed as they all returned to Sethia. 
Irane rested in his study for that afternoon, he rarely ever spent time at his personal home, mostly focusing on work, but he couldn’t fully focus. He stared at the display with intense focus for some time. “Is that really the best use of your time?” Arai’s words rang through as Irane didn’t shift his view. The display showed the info from I. Junior’s mana test results. “I just don’t understand this is all. It makes no logical sense. I don’t even know where to begin with this and it’s frustrating me. Honestly I wish I could just go to Earth and take him back by force so I can properly check up on his core.” Arai moved to stand behind him. The chair high back support altered as it shrunk down allowing her to place her hands around his shoulders moving her head next to his as her voice rang though his mind: “But you know that will only lead to a war. We don’t need to give the Primals an excuse to also hate us like the Orians.” Irane leaned back as though falling into the embrace: “Fair enough, still. When we are secure and set we will move and capture both Ember and Minia, especially Minia! I will make her answer for whatever she did to him.” Arai laughed a bit: “Are you sure it’s okay to get this angry? Don’t you feel for Mira who has to endure all the emotions you output?” Irane simply shrugged: “I didn’t ask her to be connected to my emotions, just like how I didn’t ask you to be connected to my mind, Hope to my heart and Zoe to by body. So leave me be.” Arai moved back as she turned his chair around to look him in the eyes: “I know this will sound harsh, but I want you to understand something. Junior chose the Primals not the Apexians. He chose his mother not his father. Even if Minia and Ember did lie or convince him to stay through deceit, it doesn’t matter, because he made his choice and you can’t change that. He can choose to come and see his father whenever he wants, but it’s clear that the lines have been drawn and he has chosen the side he wishes to stand by. You can only make peace with his choice and move on. I know this isn’t a fair point, but you have over two billion people to look after. This is the sad reality of being a ruler and a leader. You must always choose your people over your family. It is a curse to those who actually care, and unfortunately you can’t worry about a child who has chosen to side with another nation, you need to get your priorities straight.” Irane sighed deeply as he moved from the confusing info on Junior and moved on to the matters of the Empire: “I hate it when you’re right! We need to ensure that our borders and security as well as defences are ready for any threat. The Orians are one thing If they win the war, well we know for a fact that they will rebuild and do their best to get you back for everything. But if the Primals win, well that’s more of an unknown. I have no idea what their next move will be moving forward after the war, I dislike unknowns. We’ll regardless, we will be fully and wholly prepared for either victory.” Irane’s face stiffened as his mind shifted to the wars to come. He pulled up all the data on the Orians and the Primals, all their known strengths and ‘assumed’ weaknesses: “Tell me Arai, seeing as the next few conflicts will put an end to a war which has been active for over 1000 years?” Arai moved on and leaned back on his back: “So the choice is between Alex with the Wov, Osiro and Humans(lead by the Consa now) clans or Axola with the Lucerne, Seraph and Ascen… my money is on the Primals coming through this one. Not to sound too arrogant, but the only reason the war was as even as it was is due to me, Hope and Zoe with those in our camps. Even now they lost all the Orians who were humans, with the exception of the current leaders of the Lucerne and Seraph clans.” Irane nodded as in agreement: “You know, a part of me wished the Orians would win, I really don’t like the idea of Minia winning.” Arai remarked: “Well regardless of who wins we need to ensure that Apexia is fully secure.” Irane chucked a bit: “You know I really do find how much you’ve made Apex your own, how all three of you just moved in and took over. Despite the fact that you’re not even full Valariyan yet. I mean the way all of them just took to you as though it was simply natural, I find that odd in all regards.” 
Arai moved the chair back suddenly as she stared Irane in the eye: “You seem to forget that this whole Empire exists because of you. It isn’t that we have convinced the people to obey us. Its because of how you treat us around them. They see your behaviour and immediately think we are some kind of angels. I hate it in all truth. How everyone just treats me, how they call me Kazemi’s Goddess. It reminds me so much of when I was still Cai. Those people calling me the Empress under their breath. 
I though it was better when people in Orians started calling Hope Empress. I was so happy about that, then the Ascen warriors under me started to call me the Goddess. I hate it so damn much…” Irane looked as she vented her anger and frustrations to him as he stared at her. She took a few deeps breaths as she concluded. Irane was stunned from pure surprise from her sudden expression as he smiled a bit and started to chuckle slightly: “Seriously, thats what you hate? I have to admit, that oddly adorable coming from you. You almost look as cute as good as Zoe. Ah wait that reminds me…” As he said that he remembered a something Kazemi asked him to tell her as he pulled out a Large Book(Names - Nota) Made by Summari and Nighla, As Irane couldn’t communicate with his others selfs, He saw his memories as the champion as Dreams, from 17-35% they are very vivid, and he recalls them quite well even in details, but it still feels odd as even if it is him in the dream state, the memories are still dream like, mainly because of how much stronger he feels. But in 36-49% those feel more like dreams you immediately forget when you wake up, where you swear you remember what happened but it escapes you. But due to his subconscious being Arai his subconscious, he can still remember most of the events, but in foggy details, only really remember due to Arai reminding him, but the memories for when he is the emperor are completely locked to him, he is unable to fully remember, while for the Emperor he remembers Irane as a vastly far of memory from when he was 100 or so, for him who is mentally 87 million, it was an unimaginable time. Each time he awakes, for him it is like he is walking up for a simply instance. 

The looked at the pages as Arai noted how she couldn’t read the words from his mind, but she could see the words in the book only if her drive was active, she knew that, which is why she never looked at it, as it was forbidden for her. Irane read on as he noted: “So theres just some information he forget to reveal to you all, crazy how he didn’t reveal this until now, I mean 9 years is a long time to not say anything.” Arai looked a bit confused as Irane sighed from it, He thought about the information as it flowed into Arai’s mind, She may not be able to see the info directly, but she can see his thoughts on it. As she chuckled as bit: “Seriously…” Irane sighed again as he noted they should go and tell the others. Better to just get it over and done with.” Arai was still frozen for a moment as she followed behind. Arai sent out a message to all those who had the will and drive cores to meet immediately at the Empiric Hall in Sethia. As they all arrived and sat around the main table. He looked on at them as he apologised for suddenly calling them all. It was better to have this handle now rather than later Arai added. They were confused as Mira looked serious and she was the one you looked too to know how Irane really felt at a moment. She stared on as Irane began: “I will make this clear, this isn’t necessarily bad per se, but it can be hard to accept.” 
Irane paused and looked at them each for a moment as he continued: “I’m sure you’re all informed that Mira is genetically sister to Minia now...” Mira’s face stiffened as and she clenched on her jaw slightly as though annoyed by the very words. Irane paused again see how she was reacting as he added: “Well it seems she wasn’t the only one who’s DNA was altered. In fact all of you bodies were slightly modified. Well as your all aware, your bodies were remade from scratch by Kazemi, just like mine but a with a major difference. So I will be blunt and direct about it! Aliya, your DNA was altered with Arai’s DNA, directly altering your body. As you know you formerly had a Space core alone, but now with Arai’s DNA with were given the addition of Time. Dokia, yours was altered with the Zoe’s with is simple to understand, but what makes it a bit different is she was originally set with an Energy Core, one who was set oddly, in all rights the Dokia was dead and alive at once. Zoe’s Art kept her alive through keeping her from dying. A core of energy in a space with both Life and Death Force. When Kazemi did kill her, and using his ability to return her back with her core. It was a hollow Core of energy as the Ascen who was previously there simply vanished leaving her core drawing and holding on to an infant mind, an infants consciousness. She died and came back, her core experienced both Life and Death at once for 15 years. Then theres Pandro, Well this one is a bit complicated. Genetically speaking Pandro is Irane Juniors Juniors’ brother…” Irane paused as Pandro looked frozen in his seat. He was in silent for a while as Arai carried on as Irane was silent, simply processing the information and all he knew to build the full puzzle but still saying it was a bit hard as Irane added: “This is all based on ‘Z’ DNA. As Kazemi was in the trail, each and every single one of his cells was destroyed and replaced with proto-cores. They were, now his proto-cores don’t have Actually Genetic information, They function as normal cells on the surface, but they are in all rights core incubations pods each, Now I don’t fully get why but ‘Z’ in the actively was destroying not just his mind but also his Genetics. His body was actively adapting through each death, evolving the whole being and not just one sections, and his DNA was moulded into something Primal. That is the true power and purpose of the Design Core. Each of the conceptual cores are unique. They were made with the conceptual principles to overcome the Dragon, Unlike the elemental cores with where just amplifier cores, the Conceptual Tools all have the uncanny power of the main concept that makes Irane who he is as both a being, and a person. They were made with the idea of the seal in mind. Though that Idea was changed. But regardless, The Design Core was made as the last tool in the series for a reason. Kazemi as he impregnat  Ember with Design, it was set with a Core command. To understand how to give cores a physical form. The next step in the process.
Kazemi comprehended the process of Creating cores from Mana and creating a whole system of it for himself. The Forge, the Biome, Everything that is Kazemi is not made for actual living. His 3rd command was to Live!, to live is to evolve, and thus his 1 command come full circle, forget yourself. The 4th command though took precedence to the command to love me and complete the seal comes first. The unfortunate part is that Love for him was also an evolving variable. To love for me, is complex. The one main point of reference I had for love was loving myself. Cause no one else loved me, that was my point of view growing up, and it was even more present in that Lab. I changed with time, but it was only with those I was truly close to… My love that formed with Hope and Zoe for example. I honestly loved them as Sisters.” she blushes slightly in that moment: “A love I saw as a sisterhood, it was like having people who would stand with me… Its how I felt as you 3 offered your cores to my seal. You trusted me, and It felt like in that moment I just saw you as my sisters. I can place you both right next to Nina and just not separate you now, even though I will admit I love her far more then you both combined… Well not like that’s a good thing though.” 
Aliya spoke though: So that why she’s called the emperor’s jewel!” Arai nodded: “When I offered Kazemi my sister I knew he would do all he could for her, everything. Because I love her the most, he simply can’t allow anything to happen to her cause he wants her to live for a very long time. He’s a monster and that is simply his nature, but there is the second command though. I can honesty translate all 5 to a curse: 
1. Forget Yourself; Never Give Up; Evolve! - He will always evolve to be able to survive a situation or death more then once. He will never die, but evolve, the power to produce more power from Life and Death. Each cell using life and death force in a fully automated manner, Thus the connection with the core of Death. 
2. Defeat the Primordial Kazemi; Put your very core(soul) into it; Perfectly; The cure from Hope to pro it all perfectly and forfeit all emotions as a tool; The curse that makes Irane Kazemi a perfectionist; The reason why the system chose to Change Mira’s DNA with Minia;=, its true that my mind is the engine behind his desire for absolute perfection, but your the one who wanted to make the perfect choice 100%, It worked well to form the tool of perfection, Irane. We can say Irane is the body, the system. And we can say at the moment Kazemi is the conscious active in it. Which linked with Mira’s emotion core. The power of her is to amplify the emotions back to The core, regardless of the situation. The more she actives the core, the more emotions I will add into the Forge, Think of her a the fire of the Forge, Well more to say the flame of the Forge is The emotional index. But your forbidden from ever using it rights, like Dokia. Cause it is the raw element with Irane himself. The fire in his heart as to say. Mira is the heart, while Mira is the Fire. Within. 
3. Live!; Conceptual Mindset of Arai within Irane Activates as it defines to Live at primordial conceptual core level, from the full process, he understands life as cores, he is a human who understands cores at every angel, But he lost his humanity along the way, It is Kazemi’s Will, it Is me and my Drive{Her voice was sorrowful as she continued} It is the conceptual form of my mana and my curse of understanding. The Beginning of The End, and the End after the Beginning. The start, The Beginning; Summari is the embodiment of that concept made with creation. She is the core of the start of it all. The point when the Primary core split for the the first time when it collided with Kazemi True core. Irane can create cores from scratch, from the mana gathered, Right at the Heart of his Engine, At the point of where the core sits now. You could almost say Irane has 2 cores and 2 to 4. But this core drives his desire to experience cores. And this is bound to spell as all need mana. The Core the Creation is bound with pure mana. Perfect for all spells. 
4. Love Arai - Complete the Seal!; Love? {Arai - An ever evolving desire. For to love someone is to see them, to see them is to know them, to know them is to experience them.} Will - Love the cores that you choose to, love is a choice, one that can never be changed, as love and hate are of the same, one’s love for another must equal ones hatred for themselves. I guess you could say I cursed him to experience all the cores he loves. Having their very cores within. All aligned with the each of his 10 cores. 
5. The installation of Choice, the consciousness of being. The core set with the End and the Beginning After the Ending. Set with the final state for his cores in his engine. How a core is formed within his very core process. The forge that makes the needed energy gathered around, but the heart focuses on the very source that makes tools. The blood within the body set as ore, the core is set as the full set core Irane currently has. 

Irane’s core is always shifting, and its because of what he is, but his body doesn’t have DNA, or rather its better to say Irane in his human from, set his cores in a more inactive state, the 1 - 17% of his cores that come active only do so around his shoulders, and his chests, and legs. With sections set to more connected points of the his point, and around the shoulders, and his central chest. That makes us 17% and it allows his to have majority of his cell an inactive state, one of him being fully human. And his current genetic signiture is set more aligned with the primordial DNA of Adam and Eve as the original DNA sample. You could almost say that his DNA is what a perfect human DNA would be or you could argue and say its just the first true-born human’s DNA. Regardless we can say in theory that Irane Kazemi’s DNA is Adam and Eve’s Son. That is if we look at him genetically only. Now this matters a lot because this DNA sample was not the one used in the creation of the Irane Junior, its better to say he was also made from the same sample as Irane, The best way to describe it is that his DNA makes him more Irane’s half brother, then son. Well that only due to the fact that in truth Irane doesn’t have DNA, but his cells are playing cells with actual DNA markers just to hide, but again if you did a test Irane and Juniors blood would test as brothers. Now this is important for Summari, Nighla and Pandro… Well to be honest with you this is slightly complicated. Kazemi wanted to tell you back then but after he saw how Mira reacted, he choose to let Irane do it.” There was confusion as Pandro expression shifted from focused to shocked and worried as Arai looked at him with no fear as Irane seemed frozen in thought: “As Aliya’s was altered by my DNA, Dokia by Zoe’s and Mira’s by Minia’s, yours was altered with Irane’s DNA. Meaning as genetically speaking, Irane is your father, just as much as Summari and Nighla are his daughters. The genetic imprint makes you that. Now because of that change your children’s genetic marks are now different. In all rights you aren’t your children’s father fully anymore. More like you share a 1/4 of DNA from your mother’s side.” Pandro was stunned for a moment as there was a bit of shock at that as Arai added: “For all intents and purposes you are his son in a weird way. Even Irane right now is just trying the best way to explain it without it being weird. I slowed down his mind and forced him into a state of forced focus cause he was too single-minded. 
Pandro started laughing a bit, as though this came as more of a joke then anything: “Well that’s something, I would say it saddens me a bit, but I am my children’s father regardless, so its not a major issue.” Arai shook her head as she added: “That would be the case of you were dealing with a normal person, but Kazemi is far so greedy. You seem to forget that your children are Valariyan’s; they are his absolutely. Imagine it, Kazemi is still a being who desires to consume cores, but he does have a preference. Such as cores that have a close connection to all his cores. Kazemi can alter the cores of those who are using his cores, And since Sethma and Julia both also were studying more interesting concepts of Kazemi, the core of creation, and the core of death. He altered their bodies just enough and altered their physical forms. In all rights your children are still yours and because of that he desires them even more. The Cores of the children of the woman who created the champion persona, the spark of it all in his eyes.” 
Mira laughed out loud at that news: “Well that’s something isn’t it? His biggest fan is now his son, that’s far to good. Let me guess Urial DNA was also altered?” Her laugh was one of satisfaction and joy as Arai added: “Well Urial’s DNA was altered as well, but it’s a bit more complicated for him. His DNA was altered by Hope’s DNA funny enough, but its better to see him as Hope’s Grandchild from his father’s’ side. Think of it as Dio’s DNA was altered to have Hope as his mother, but the effect only took place on Urial. His body was altered in Kazemi’s Universe. In fact Urial is unique because he is the first ever naturally born Valariyan.” It took a moment for them all to accept it as Irane finally opened his eyes: “How do I explain this…” He was shocked to see the change in the room: “Arai I’m assuming you told them?” Arai nodded quickly as she added: “There are things even you’re unable to know about so I thought it best to explain it myself. 
Irane sighed: “Forbidden knowledge right… I see, well regardless I just wanted to make that all clear to you all. Kazemi was supposed to tell you himself. In all honesty I have no idea how this is okay, but it is what it is, so don’t over think it!” Zoe raised her hand as she asked with a minor discord in her voice: “Did you… no, better yet did he alter our DNA, Me Arai and Hopes?” Irane shook his head: “No, he didn’t all he did was add the ability for your cores to survive in your bodies. 

Irane stood up as he moved to Pandro’s side and tapped his hand on his shoulder for a moment as he walked out. It’s was a lot to digest. Urial looked on at Hope, as she looked back too him: “Its a pleasure to meet you Granny…” His words had Hope silent for a moment as she started to giggle and pull Urial close to her: “Well I guess I don’t mind being a granny with real children.” She said as she gave him a hug. Pandro looked on at Mira as he added: “Well as long as I’m related to you in any way, then I guess I can live with it!” He said with a deep smile as he leaned back on his chair as Summari and Nighla approached and gave him a deep stare for a moment as Summari spoke with a curious voice: “So if your technically our brother… does that mean Julia is my niece.” He had a mischievous smile on her face, as Arai tapped her on the head as though to not bother him as Nighla waiting for the answer to: “Yes, your related to some degree.” 



Part 9.5.2: Those We Deem Gods!


Irane moved on to Paradise, as he entered into he initial-champion state(17%) as he moved on to the central site near the Tree of Yggdrasil. If the city of Paradise could be describe, it would be seen as the most advanced and most in tune with ancient technology melded by the mind of a being who comprehends on a different scale. The city was a marvel, a true Gem, The Palace was in the Northern Centre, with the Tree Yggdrasil siting in the true centre and a statue of Cai Consa, massive and bold right in the South Centre. The statue was designed to have her holding the flag of Apexia high in her right hand, and in the left was a smaller but still large flag of the Kazemi(A Massive True Golden Dragon with Iris main ring behind it with 30 different Orbs on it, Each Orb had a Flag on it, each representing her current symbols of each: The 10 Drive and Will Core as the most external circle orbs, then in the 10 Elemental Cores(Fire - Darkness), each with their markers for the beasts who weald them, and finally the inner circle was the 10 Conceptual cores colours(Domination - Design), each with a symbol seen from when Kazemi used them In the war. Set alongside the rings of Iris. With a final Core right in the centre with Enari positions right behind it in the centre with the Orb in the position of the Dragons’ chest. The Dragon roared out as to symbolize the Absolute power of the Kazemi. It was stated that now Kazemi by definition of Arai means Ultimate Power, a name that tied perfectly with the old Primordial Dragon Kazemi who was known as the Strongest and Oldest of the Primordials. The Flag was amazing with all right but it had nothing on the Apexia Empire Flag, As Irane stared at it. He recalled the memories of the Valariyan’s who were here when Cai (Hope at this time) first brought them here. The Hope she feed them, the Paradise she promised. Irane stared at the statue for a long time, as he thought about all the Valariyan’s thoughts and feelings. He thought more about the Apexians. On each one their faces and names. He didn’t know how they felt at their cores, but Irane was able to see cores and understand to a certain degree what they thought about him. They were his people, the ones he was ordered to watch over. He looked on at the statue: “I hope I haven’t destroyed your vision Empress Cai!” He was so worried over the idea of being a bad ruler, to making a mistake. He understood people and he knew he could never make everyone happy, but he could do so for the majority, and more then that, he could at the very least ensure that his people had everything they needed. Those who worked and Payed the required taxes. Those who choose to be here, and to be a Apexian. He would ensure it with all he had that Cai’s vision never died, and her Empire stood for as long as possible: “I gave you my word when I choose to be the Emperor. When Kazemi asked me what I wanted to be. I chose to stand here and to be the best Emperor for these people. I didn’t know any of them, by I still choose to do my best after hearing you words. My Empress Cai, it was your words that inspired me, that inspired so many to fight along side Kazemi, to stand as the first Valarians for Apexia. The Foundation of the Empire, and here I am as the first King, as the Emperors Champion{Not to be confused by the title of champion of Empiric Champion of Apexia - currently Zoe wields the title after taking it from Dokia(A title taken though a trial of combat)}. I will be a worthy King, I promised the Emperor, and I promised you Empress. On my Goddess I will never give up, and I will put my very core into being the Perfect King! I swear it upon Kazemi’s Will!” 
“You really do make for a fine King Irane” Hope said as she walked on by his side, looking on at the statue of Cai: “I heard from Arai that you idolise Cai, but I didn’t realise it was this bad. Your far worse then the other Valerians.” Irane chuckled: “Well In my human form all I can really do is see her as my empress. I only had the memories from being awaken, and the memories of the champion installed in my mind. From my perspective the memories I have no are nothing more then the memories of a dream. You know every time I fall asleep I go into my Universe. I always pick a fruit from the tree. It contains all the memories of the Valariyan’s as well as their emotions, they very spent life force, and their spells and techniques of their cores performed. I get it all. And It always feels so much. I can handle seeing their sorrow, I can be there and help those who need it. But the way they see me, it terrifies me. They see me as a perfect being. Like I am Kazemi. I know they know about what I am, but the Apexians don’t know. I know that well Hope, but still their expectations and ideas of me terrify me so much. I saw Cai’s speech from the Valariyan’s perspective, the one where she renamed those ruins that were to the city of Paradise. And announced that the Emperor would sit within this city with time. His Throne would sit in the very centre of these ruins, and this will be his Paradise that we shall work together to build and maintain. We will be the ones to create Paradise alongside him!’ Those words of being people who won’t rely on him, but work with him. It reminded me so much of that first memory, that story from Valariya. It made me want to stand as some the Emperor would rely on. And now here I am the man who accepted being the King of his people. To stand as the man who bares his core. I know I am his humanity. And I know that I can’t know it all, but right now I still want to stand by his side. 
Cai Consa, Sofia Prescian, and Valariya Hallow… If I could see it in any way I would say Cai is my Empress, while Sofia is my Queen lost as the story starts whom is the motivation for him getting power, while Valariya is the Goddess who gave Kazemi the power in the story. If I could remake the story with real life characters I would place those Three like that. Kazemi as the man made emperor, Sofia being the queen he lost; Valariya as the Goddess who gave him the power to be the champion, then Cai the woman who made the champion into the emperor. The woman who stands not above or below, but next to him always. The Queen is the foundation upon he stands, while the Goddess is the woman he looks up to for strength, but the Empress is special because she walked by his side. And makes sure he doesn’t lose the Plot.” 
Hope laughed a bit: “You know when I first heard it, I was sure the little girl was going to be the Empress seeing as she was with him from the beginning. But I loved how she simply was the first citizen of his Empire, and the one who worked the hardest to ensure it. The one who was with him from the very start.” Irane added: “If there is one person I could give that honour to in the tale, it would be Mira Ardent. The General! “ Hope  looked on with wonder: “So you don’t remember your time as the champion perfectly? I know you need to be over 35% to know that…” “I can hear the voice in my head, I can feel my heart beating to the rhythm of another I feel them all individual beings, but also as one being. That’s what its like. I become fully aware of the cores in my body, to the soul, to my Emotions, And my cells live and die, I feel my spells and my techniques expending and my knowledge on them growing as I go mad and my instincts move to a higher degree. Its why I prefer to just remain in my base form. But I can only enter Paradise in my champion form, and thus this place is more like a dream to me, just like it is the Apexian’s. Funny isn’t it, that just like them, this place as an unknown to the human I am.” Hope moved closer as he locked her right hand with his left, he felt the echo of his heart beat through it as Hope added: “You know I think you more then lived up to her vision in my opinion.” Irane smiled slightly, he felt like those would made his heart beat faster, but they also felt like genuinely acknowledgment, they cut deep indeed as a few tears feel down him face as he smiled with a large grin as he looked on at Hope for a moment and turned to the statue: “Thank you Hope!” She felt a sense of comfort in him using her actual name, it was rare for her to hear it from him on the island. The lack of hesitation and the willingness to use it made ever clearer how different Irane and Kazemi were but as she held his hand, she also remembered just how similar to him he was. They looked on for a while at the statue as they left hand in hand. Hope smiled as she looked back at the statue, as the memories of that very day came to her. She had almost forgotten it, how she was that woman for a time, and the rage and desire she had, but also the hope and will to make it real. 
{This took place after Hope had arrived in Apexia and started to work in the Factories in Ether!}

[Current time, in Genesis on Earth: Right after Junior returned from Apexia, he immediately reported back to Alex on the events]: 
The room was dark with little lighting on the walls’ sides. It was a massive room with books and monitors all around pointing the structure of Orians and their current leadership and personal of interests added on, on the side was a collection of maps of the old land of Primals 1200 years ago, and the area around with a set of imagines and sets of maps from Terra and Junior created, but it was only a basic map with Sethia being the only city on the map with a rough image around what it looked like right now. Tulla, Ether and Hades were an unknown alongside the 10 new cities spread around the whole nation now. They only had info on the city of Fire - Muspel. It was impossible to know anything of current Apexia. Alex was seated at his desk reading the book on Ziphora that Junior had made from memory, it was a fully detailed entry of him and his deeds. His history and region to which he was set. It showed the man  info for when he joined the resistance and Alex(Aevum smiled), his voice was direct and loud in that empty room: “You know I knew your father back when he was just human… did I ever tell you that?” Junior eyes widened at that as Alex nodded with a smile, he thought back to when he took over Simons mind and obtained his memories: “Yes, he was a wonderful soldiers, a man who put his very life on the line each time. They even claimed that Death herself wasn’t interested in him, which is why he survived missions that would have killed a lesser man. He was truly a different kind of man. When I read this report I am reminded of that man, and I’m sure your mother will find this information heart-filling as well.” His words were kind with an echo of compassion as Junior looked down: “I… I didn’t see my father. I mean I saw him but he wasn’t the same.” He took a moment as he recalled the time there: 
“When I was there as a child, he never once looked at me, or its better to say it felt like he was looking beyond me, he was never not preoccupied by something else. He was busy but still it was clear he was watching, or keeping his gaze… no, it’s better to say I felt his mana all around us always. This time though he looked me in the eyes. He stared me right in the eyes like he was really looking at me. It was so strange.” Alex eyes closed slightly as he asked: “So he’s been altered once again? I wonder what the cause is this time…” He was in deep thought for a moment as Junior added: “He said he was getting ready to get married as well. Everything was just so strange. Everything made little to no sense. It was far to normal.” Alex moved closer to Junior who seemed distressed as he added: “You have nothing to worry about, after all you will do everything you can so you can save your father from Arai. She may seem to be in control but you Irane Junior will save him, you will save Ziphora with all you have, won’t you?” Junior was silent for a moment than gripped his first tighter with conviction and anger: “I will, I promise you I will do all I can to kill the witch Arai Nexal and save my father!” His voice was a boom of rage and conviction, as his eyes focused on Alex’s eyes. Alex smiled as he nodded at his words. 
“Tell me Junior, do you know what makes Arai special? Desire! A desire so all-consuming that nothing could come against her.” Alex walked towards the image of her in the displays as he looked on with a smile and a serious tone: “She was called a Dud, yet still made it to being the youngest in the history the Mana Academy within Orians. She was driven by a desire that far exceeded mortals’ expectations, and she only had electric Magic. They called her a prodigy. The second coming of the Sage Arke. She was truly special, no better way to say she is special. Because she persuaded a goal far too impossible to those of us deemed mortal, yet she succeeded. She wanted both Selis and Vraka sealed and she did it. Whatever that woman desire, she takes and makes her own. You want to beat her? Well you need to surpass your limits and forfeit your humanity. You must devote all you are to this, all you are to defeating her. Minia likes to consider Arai her equal, but I can assure you she isn’t her equal in any manner, but you can do it. You can surpass her, but you must understand one simple fact! ” He moved as the monitor shifted to the most dangerous individual to the Primals as a whole, Arai was set as no.1, the most dangerous person to the primals: “You understand that Arai is in fact the most dangerous being on this whole planet. As long as she is free your father will always be a slave to her will. Do you understand?” Juniors eyes looked on at the display, he was staring at her projection like it was the most important thing on the planet as he nodded: “I understand, I understand completely! And I swear to you and to the Primals that I will not fail, I will drag the witch before you broken, FARTHER!” 
Alex smiled as he placed his hand over Junior’s lowered head. “Good!” Junior walked out with renewed determination. As he walked out Alex sat down and stared at the projection of Arai as Minia entered. At this point she was 3 months pregnant but she was different than the original pregnancy as she seemed excited at the prospect of the child’s birth. She entered with a large grin as Alex continued to stare at the image: “At this point I’m convinced that Irane Kazemi isn’t the only one who was cursed to love Arai!” Minia said with a grin on her face. ” Alex chucked a bit: “Well you’re obsessed with Kazemi and I’m obsessed with Arai. So we make quite the perfect pair don’t you think? ” There was a pause in the room as Alex spoke up as the images shifted to an old ancient image of Orians, and Primals’ territory: 
“ You know whenever I look at these pieces of art made at the peak of each of the Orians and the Primals’ glory days. To the peak of them both, ruined by one being… tell me Minia, do you know what a conceptual truly is?” His expression was serious, far too serious as Minia shook her head slowly staring at Alex’s face. He nodded at her reply as he continued: 
“Long before we were even dust, the universe, no reality as we know it didn’t exist. What existed was a word of pure energy. The Primordials spoke of it a lot. Of the war that took place before time what we consider time even existed. In a time when the universe was no more than a newborn, when the cosmic forces were still new, they took on a form of their own. It’s the first of the beings in the universe who were called elementals. Beings of pure energy, the original form of the Primordials. It’s said each of these elementals existed bound to 1 pillar, and there were 15 of them together. With time, they all changed. And began to multiply, but still each had more or less a perfect copy in a way. It’s said each elemental had a connection to 1 elemental aspect, one pillar each. Then 2 factions changed forever. Those of the Harmony and Chaos Pillars changed. History never reveals why, but it is said, their nature was tied to the very nature of the actual pillars. They were ruthless and began to absorb each other, until only 1 remained on each side, then they started to attack the other elements, not absorbing them, but rather assimilating them like a virus spearing, and changing all the other beings around. This led to the formation to the Titans - Elementals of pure chaos energy, and Elohim’s - Elementals of pure harmonic Energy. It is said that the universe was theirs to do with as they saw fit. But they wouldn’t succeed. As the Original Elementals also evolved, they changed to become Primordials, The more advanced version of the Elementals in all regards. You know 3 of them of course: Gaia, Cronus, and Kazemi. In reality they were the last ones who survived that war. It is said that the Primordials all died out from that conflict, and the last 3 were also dying and merging with the very fabric of reality. 
Now conceptuals, well many point out how conceptuals are a different class of beings, and that is true. You see the Primordials came up with a way to seal away and deal with the Titans and Elohim, and that was known as cores. As they were beings of pure energy, they couldn’t be destroyed, so instead they were seal off, Forced to be within the prisons of cores. With time, those prisons changed, as they became the first ever Coreporial beings, The Primals and the Orians. All came from the Original Elementals. But there is no much more to the story you see.” Alex smiled as Minia looked on with curiosity and wonder as she waited for the next part: “Now you need to understand, elementals were directly connected to the Pillars, they listed to them like a loud choice in one’s head. But that connection was limited with the cores set. But the Primordials didn’t see one fact coming… a unique core, one that is created with a connection to only the 2 main elements for the titans and Elohim, The conceptual Mana. A being, no an impossible occurrence. It is said it wasn’t an isolated occurrence, it was a constant. The Primals noted how the Primordial would kill some of their children. But only 1 in 100 billion. A child who was directly connected to the pillars, despite being a core. And what did he do, he killed the Primordials like they were nothing. A child no older then 7, killed 3 of the oldest and most powerful beings in existence, with a simple wave of his hand. And he was considered a monster, and in all rights he was a monster, one who shouldn’t have been allowed to live. If you want proof of that just look at his children. Vraka and Selis. And you can even look further at Mother-Nature and Father-Time. Each of them is in all rights a being fully able to alter cores, and even create beings of pure harmony and chaos: beasts and tools respectively. It really does make a lot of sense when you choose to see things from that perspective. But Mana was actually more unique than that. You know I knew him personally. He was always by my teacher’s side, always by Arke’s side. He was just a man. He was no God, nor a monster. He was simply a man. He regretted what occurred to the Primals with all he had. He was in all rights a God with all he could do, he quite literally created the Orians we see in that mural, but he was just a man. A weak man who lost it when his wife died. When the woman who was by his side and accepted him died. I can’t help but see that distinction with Ziphora and Mana. 2 man who lost themselves when they lost their people and moved on in the world trying to accept it. One became a tool, a slave bound to obey any command, while the other tried to cheat the system. He tried to break the law and paid the price. Mana tried to bring back Arke. He first tried with the primordials and he was able to return 2 out of the 3, but when he attempted it on his actual wife, well, he was truly punished and bound down, well in truth it is impossible to know for certain what it ment, but one fact is certain, he was bound and sent somewhere.” 
Minia took a moment as his voice passed through: “So what’s the point of what you’re telling me?” Alex smiled slightly: “Because my dear Minia, you’re missing the point. Irane Kazemi is considered a conceptual is he not? If he is then we have options on his removal from the board.” 

Alex moved forward towards Minia as his form shifted into Aevum’s voice and form: “I will take this world and hold it in my hands. I will Minia, I have no choice. None!” Minia nodded as Aevum placed his hand on her stomach, as he lowered and placed his head on her stomach as well, he was on his knees which caught Minia of guard for a moment as his voice echoed through: “This child shall be the key to it all, I have a feeling about it, about them. Irane Junior is a means to end, while this child will truly be the one who brings about the fall of the Apexian empire. It will all fall because of this child. She will be the one.” Minia stared at the man as he stood up and looked her in the eyes: “Remember well, Junior is nothing more than defective Goods, In all honesty I was hoping he would be more like Summari and Nighla, but clearly he is a failure in that regard. The simply fact that Irane didn’t even keep him, means that he isn’t even considered valuable to him. It says a lot without saying anything!” 
Minia spoke: “One of my operatives who went with Junior had an encounter with Irane directly and he was no happy, not in the slightest. She stated that we need to ensure that Juniors is back to full health otherwise… well all I know is that he I not happy.” Aevum laughed: “Is that so, it matters not. We will have him fight in the very front lines with The Wov and Osiro. He can die in the war with his family so that should be fair!” He smiled as he moved to his seat:

“How ironic, that I will conclude this war by being on the side of those I was fighting against 1000 years ago. I’m sure Cith will be happy about this at the very least. I will win the war, so that means the Primals will win. At this stage that there is no going back. Prepare Minia, we will be on a full war path moving forward!” Minia smiled as she lowered her head: “We are lucky to have you my lord!” Aevum smiled as Minia left the room. 
He stared out the window, as the night was a starless but the moon was full, it was bright enough to pierce through the clouds covering the night sky: 
“Lord Mana, as he who bared the mark of the 8th of Energy, I humble myself. Simply 20 years. 20 more years and all will be complete. 20 years…” Aevum looked at the sky. It was hard to feel excited when this close to his goal. To all he desired, and all it would require is 20 more years. He looked at the very sky and he raised his glass: 
“I can’t wait… ” 

[In Orians]  
The world and its people had been replenishing their forces. The cities where all in ruins by the Southern regions, with the cities by the North having been transformed into massive war cities, working to produce weapon, ammunition, and soldiers. The whole world had been altered by the effects of Arai’s Rage and the Kathara coming in from the South. The Ascen were the ones most affected as without their cities they were nearly consumed and destroyed only surviving due to the Tenma Seraph and Azura Lucerne who had been fortifying and preparing their defences. They took possession of their clans and people respectively and had been doing their best to fight back. It was at this time that the Terra Night came to Orians. He offered a great deal, aided by the Kathara, as he was a man who knew the most about them. A man who studied in Apexia as he gave the details on the Kathara and how they operated. Though he also soon learned that the Kathara on Orians were far more dangerous as he saw level 8’s everywhere. They were far more apparent which was the true deserter, but the brought them all together. 
Terra would offer aid as the Orians worked together far more than before. They were united as they were previously. It was here that Terra would discover the rare Tree within the old ruined city. The area was complete hell as he would register the power leaking from it, the Tree itself was the core of it all. These Kathara weren’t just coming from Limbo, the Tree altering them by absorbing their natural elemental natures, enhancing their more Primal elements. Even the discovery of the altered Alma and Spirts only excited Terra more and more. He offered information and knowledge as well as his expertise in genetics and biology. And in return he wanted their aid in capturing 2 of the beings. The deal was made as Axola would demand to know more of what Terra was doing. 

He lead them down into the old lab that Niro had made, as now Terra moved down to the location. 7 Months had passed since his arrival as he would also invite Tenma and Azura as well. He moved down as he stood within the central room, his personal lab with 2 large tanks with 2 floating young girls were floating in. Their appearance was more beast like then human as one had more wings and bird features while the other looked more human but beast like markers around, she was bold with indicators of wolf, or feline features around. Terra laughed as he spoke with a loud and joyous voice: “Good evening Rhaeg, Solenne K. Terran, but papa has brought guests, I hope you will entertain them this night. The night of your birth!” The men froze and stared for a moment except Azura who simply spoke up: “I still don’t understand, why are you showing us the bodies you took in Apexia? You know we are fully aware you aided in obtaining the 8 human bodies Vraka and Selis used on their most elites. So what is this?” Terra laughed a bit: “You know when I was Apexia, I saw Junior more then 300 times while I was there. I saw him nearly every other day for 4 years… do you know how many times I saw his children? 1!” His lone finger pointed out on his hands, and he added: “I saw them once and it was a simple passing glance. Once in 4 years. I had heard the rumours of the children in Paradise which were causing issues. I never took it seriously until I saw Evelyn More return wither son and Irane Junior. That is when I started to take note of it. They looked almost like perfect angels. I had always seen the aura and effect Irane had on people. He seemed larger then reality. Like a being that should exist. I heard of him and I had seen him and I understood the hype quite well, oh I understood it well. 
I took my time in Apexia after your little war to create humans with cores myself. A research subject that my mother truly despises me researching. It was this time that I also started to learn from the Apexians. Specifically Nina Nexal. Who at the time was the Core migration speciality under Pandro. But he was busy so of course I learned from her. It was something else watching and learning from someone who was so well spoken, and she was quite beautiful too, I must say I am jealous Lord Axola, your son seemed well as well, but he really did take after you in his appearance, it makes one nervous just being around him.” He said with a cold grin at the man. “But I must explain myself. Well I learned a lot of the core migration process. The methods they use are very different from the ones we employ. When it comes to core migration with a Kathara, it is simply a matter of co-existence and domination at the same time. Well its better to say they showed me how to identify the perfect Kathara for the perfect person, and showed them how to bond with them before even combining with the beings. It was some real sappy nonsense in my onion and very ineffective until I realised the truth when I did it myself. I lost millions, honesty weaklings for failing to tame some monsters, but some did succeed and it was all psychological. It showed me aspect I was solely lacking. The Valariyans showed me with no hesitation that I lack an eye for the details. And I realised how much of a perfectionist The Emperor is, he does everything with the single-minded gaol of making it perfect.” In that moment the screens came to life as it showed the images and data of Summari and Nighla Kazemi on the screen from their fight in the capital Mana and their time in Primals Genesis city: “Irane Kazemi is a perfectionist who very people are extensions of him. He is a perfectionist who is fully capable of latent not just mana, but bodies as well. And his children, his 2 daughters are his masterpieces. If there was thing I realised was how much he loves them.” He than pulled two viles from his bracelets with were flowing with a red blood cell synthesis liquid: “You know I’ve seen the work of Arai, Hope and Zoe when they were captured by the Primals, and I must say I was very impressed by the Zoe’s work, especialy on the revival of dead cells, and replication of blood cells, and other biological components of Blood. She really was on a different level indeed.” He smiled as he rotated his writs admiring the blood as he smiled with a large grin: 
“So you see what I have here are blood samples of Summari and Nighla. I obtained it from a deal I made with the son. He really is a hard workers, getting a blood sample and preserving it in its liquid form so well.” His expression shifted to slight disappointment as he continued: “To bad he’s a dud, is that what you guys call people who aren’t special or blessed with their clans’ arts? Duds, its funny when you think about it. But still it really is a shame.” Temna stepped forward: “Enough with you mumbling, get to the point already, You have 2 bodies of humans from Kazemi personal vault, and the blood of his children, get to the point!” 
Terra stared for a moment: “Do you not understand context? Every word I say has a point!” I have the blood samples of Irane’s children, all 3 of them, that are confirmed alive. And I have the blood of Minia Consa as well Ember Vane. Why does this matter? Well because with all that info I can tell you right now: 
* Minia Consa is 100% Summari and Nighla biological Mother
* Ember Vane is 100% Irane Juniors biological Mother. 
* But Irane Junior is not the brother of Summari and Nighla Genetically!
When I check the blood samples to make sure the information was correct I also added a test for the siblings, and he is not their brother. I though it might have been a mistake, but I realised I made no mistake. Its hard to see just what is different from them. But I can assure it mores like a relative than a brother. Which is why I didn’t just take the DNA of Summari and Nighla alone, no I also isolated the elements within their fathers DNA and the parts I was able to classify in Juniors DNA and made a basic Genetic map to their fathers main DNA, I had to add more splicing to ensure that the strand was stable. I took their blood and mixed, You see the bodies of the Valarian’s are very special and unique, they are in a way perfect, and even have the ability to alter and ‘clean’ ones DNA of imperfections, of course it mans its using your DNA as the only template, but now you see these 2 will have the blood of the Kazemi’s and they will Both activate the perfect genetic markers, they will have the perfect DNA for the Cores they shall inherit!” 
‘You’re insane!” Said Axola as Terra shrugged: “Well I might be, you should see Pandro, in comparison to him Im the sanest person in the room! But regardless, you clearly don’t see the point and this is where I need the aid of the our two guests, so please Lady Selis, Lord Vraka would you be ever so kind as to lend my your ear and offer me your wisdom?” In that moment Vraka and Selis both manifested through Azura and Tenma respectively, looking on at Terra Vraka spoke with an irritated snarl: “And what would you want to know you worm of a man?” Terra simply smiled at the insult: “Tell me what do think about Irane Kazemi? Rather I want your full opinion on the man?” The 2 looked at each other as they stared on, their chains tightened as they weilders were also curious. 
Selis spoke with a low tone, emanating a screen which showed a broke verse of the Irane. And of their Father Mana: “I had originally though that he was a simply a being like our father Mana, a being who could reach into the very wellspring of this universe and command the very mana of all round him with a simple though. But even our father was nothing in comparison to that thing. He is no Conceptual, he is more of a…” She froze as the image shifted to him in his Golden Armour as as the chains around her felt ever more present: “He is far beyond that… I initially though that he was simply a conceptual who had direct connections of mana, but then we learned that the beast and Tool he had with him weren’t his children. No They were manifestations of him, aspects of him. I know of my brother Father Nature, and I know he is a reincarnate of The Primordial of Time Cronus, I know all of this, and so believe me when I tell you, that The Emperor of Paradise is a monster who puts our father to shame, he is a monster. A mistake, many have called our father a mistake, a being that should never have been allowed to live, but I assure you that The Emperor is a far greater error, he is a universal Error! He is a mistake. And if you need any more proof of that look at what happened to Elorah Seraph and Azen Lucerne! They are dead at the hands of what I can assure you are real Conceptual’s.” Terra interrupted: “You keep mentioning conceptual’s as though your definition of it is different from ours, the Primals and the Orians have different definitions so it would be interesting to know how you describe them!” 
There was silence for a moment as Vraka sighted loudly: “Conceptual’s are nothing more then a class being, a core that is fully aligned with the pillars, we learned after we destroyed the Primals of Old. We learned that they had their children inspected by the Primordials and if any were found to be different, they would be killed, And who judged who got to live, it was the Gods, the Primordials. But I assure you only 1 child died every 1 thousand years. The unfortunate part was that when the time came our father was already 7 years old, and he possessed enough understanding to kill them, and he did. He killed those 3 monsters and was hunted for simply wanting to be alive! That is what the Primals did, conceptual’s are simply core with an elementals alignment connected to both Harmony and Chaos. That is simply it, our fathers care was set as an unknown but it was our Mather Arke who discovered that his real core alignment was simper: Energy-Harmonic/Chaos; Chaotic-Harmony” A core fully set to be able to listen to the pillars both from the perspective of this universe and theirs. Imagine it, being able to comprehend fire as a substance, as a core elemental forces. As its more primals and precise forms. Our father wielded the ver ability to control Mana from within and outside his core.
This is the origin of Magic that our mother brought through. She found a way to connect to our fathers very core and gain the ability to command the mana around her though a special form of synthesis. As you use spells, a very tiny amount of your cores very life force is drawn in, its so little that it makes no real difference to anyones life, or rather that is how it was supposed to be. Our father and mother obtained longevity from this as more and more people used their magic, they moved to profit from it, and they did, as they would create a utopia. Our father used to love saying how he created the city Mana to be her Paradise. To be the perfect city. And it truly was. It was beautiful. As more and more people grow to use magic and learn more and more about it, life became so much easier. Food was plentiful. Work was required and people had all they could ever need, a purpose and a way to live a true life. No one needed anything as the system she built was perfect. The amount for work.” Selis smiled as she added: 
“It was a cruel paradise, a place where all was fair. No was rich and no one was poor. In that city all were equal. All who followed the law was a citizen and those who didn’t were exiled. All was great as even the other nations soon joined as well. It was amazing, until… Until our mother died. And our father could only watch in horror. Our mother not waking up on that dark morning. It was a horrifying day for all, all especially our father. But the Orians. They simply lived on. He couldn’t except it. All cried with him, but then it all carried on without her. It all functioned without her. And he couldn’t understand how the Orians could simply just move on like that. He was lost as he even returned. 

Regardless, a conceptual is nothing more then a unique core, and I can assure you me and Selis are able to see what elements a core has, even at simply seeing it we can know immediately, But when Azen was fighting Zoe, he core was initially Life-Death-Nature, it was normal, like any other, until that point when I sensed his mana again. Kazemi Mana… His power was there I know it, I know that woman was dead. I can assure you she was very dead, but she retuned as though she was ordered to, like she simply didn’t feel like it, she rejected death! And her core was pure Life/Death-Chaotic/Harmony! That makes no sense, no core can simply change, it can’t just change!” He roared as Selis looked on at her brother in shock for a moment as she added: “Yes, even Hope Apolo was the same, first Space-Energy, Then after a moment she was Space-Energy-Harmonic/Chaos. It just makes no real sense in any regard. But that it occurred is a fact.” 

At that Terra started to laugh out loud: “Is that so, so Hope and Zoe seemed to both possess the cores of a conceptual, I see that very good to know, and we can assume that Arai is the same of course, but now begs the question, what about his children? What are they? As you both said Irane has a beast and a Tool, but they are extensions of him, not his children. Now I have it on good authority that Based on the fight in The capital, Both Summari and Nighla did both use Tools and Beasts just like Arai who was also using one. Well if you wish to believe in that. But there is no doubt that these events are connected. Summari and Nighla both refer to Arai, Hope and Zoe as Mother, Mom, and Ma according to Junior. They might all be connected. Well regardless I don’t want to waste your time with my theories, I brought your here for an every important reason. 

You see Kazemi’s Human forms, are very unique, as when you place a normal human in them, its said they could get up by 3 levels, though I am sure that is a reason for this, it is a fact that most of the Valariyan’s are incredibly powerful. But now if you place a Kathara in a human instead of a normal Ferali or Celestial, it would be an increase of 2 levels instead of 1. This is why so many humans fail so much, they can’t handle the experience of the formation and adaptation of the core to their bodies. They mind simply candy handle that, but thats also when I started to understand a fact. The Methods of Nina weren’t about finding the most powerful Beast or Tool, it was finding one that aligned with you. Again I believed it was pure nonsense but I must admit it does make sense. Because of how high the mental strain there is, finding a beast or tool and harmonising with it for some time before merging is essential. Well thats what they did. All the human would be forced to enter a region Ether or Hades, but I know we can’t access it now, but I’m sure their gonna end it since the humans are leaving. Well anyways. The world is simply different.” 
He looked on at the 2 in the tank: 
“I wants you help in bringing them to life, These bodies have the DNA of Summari and NIghla plus the isolated DNA of Irane Kazemi in them, once I activate the process, the bodies will automatically adapt. I don’t know what the process he uses is to ensure the increase by 3 levels. But if we can have 2 level 9 cores within and even increase by 2 levels, well, I have never sense a being with a level 11 core, but in truth I wanted to make a truly level 12 core. So I though to myself, who better to use and ask them the 2 children of Mana, the 2 beings who understand core formation as well as any other?” 
Selis and Vraka looked at each other as they both smiled: “Alright we will aid you. But you must understand this is very different from your normal Tool or Beast” Said Selis with a more direct tone as Vraka added: “I warn against this, in all honesty but I will aid for I have no choice. Understand though that what you’re trying to bring into this world is a very dangerous thing.” Terra looked on with a smirk: “Ha, you think so, well I don’t think I want to hear that from those who enslaved 2 whole societies!” Terra voice said with venous intent as Axola added on: “Fine, we will accept this, but I have a condition.” He walked towards him: “These children, I want them fully used on the war on the side of the Orians! I don’t know your allegiances and in truth I don’t care about them either, but I require your ability to move on in the war, and further on, in the work of killing Irane Kazemi, so will you aid me?” Terra looked on with a shocked and almost confused expression: “Kill him? Kill Irane Kazemi? You want to kill The emperor of Apexia?” He was stunned for a moment as he continued to look look at him: “Your serious? About that, I mean I get your whole world as turned to ash, but I do recommend you aim for a much more obtainable Goal. And if you need any convincing, I would like to point out those Golden marks all over the forms of those ‘Gods’. Maybe aim to just kill Arai Nexal?” There was a slow wrath in the room as Terra moved back and added, ‘Well, fine, I do suggest that we maybe do this while the timing is perfect.’ Today is the only day when the moon of Harmony and Chaos are out in the night sky for the next 10 years alone. I had made the perfect calculations.” Tenma laughed a bit: “I see, I didn’t take you for a man who believed in those myths about the moons and cores that are conceived on the night they are out.” Terra smiled slightly: “Judge me if you wish, but I will not allow such a detail to throw me off.” As they added on: “Understand though that this will create a new Beasts and Tool from these children. They will become the Tools and Beasts themselves, While also being the aspects of the elements. In truth I have no idea what will occur from this!” Vraka said with a straight face as Selis added: “Well we can try and make it into a 4 set!” Vraka looked confused for a moment as he caught on: “I see, as he looks at Axola: “I wanted to ask, there is something I would like for you to do for me, for your brother to do for us. He performed the forbidden Art and ingrained his very body with pure harmony and chaos mana. His arms being White and Black are proof of that. In truth I think it is worth a shot. We will Forge 2 set of Tools and Beast. The first set will be give and forged through those 2 children as their cores come in, this will create a field where they will temporarily be able to be summoned and merged with. With this we can swap the additional power into another set of Weapon and Beast. We can create a Blade with the potential to sunder Gods, A perfect weapon made from the mana of 2 level 12 beast. It would also be directly connected to us so it could also draw from us as well as from the unified beast. We will forge it from the collected hatred and desire of destruction the Orians all collectively have, but we will need to connect to the Ascen directly, the Alma and Spirits will be given a choice.” Axola was curios as he nodded and called for Nuro Vane to come there. Terra immediately began the preparations as he would be the main anchor for the whole process. This would the the moment that a new weapon would be made to match the humans. 

Nuro was brought in as Axola: “Brother, today you aid in the creation of a weapon capable to sundering the enemies of the Ascen.” In that moment Nuro’s arms started to burn as he fell down gripping them, while screaming in pain: “Oh, that was a command by the way, no a request!” He said with a cold expression as he was pulled into the Ritual and Bio set with the lab. The whole systems on as Selis and Vraka channeled their power through Tenma and Azura, flowing on to the children and the 2 men in the ritual. Soon Terra began the same ritual to someone the cores of a pure Chaos Beast And a Pure Harmony Tool of level nine as he did he found his body failing him as the Tools and Beasts that the Arkes were remaking from the tools and beast that were formally Evin Navar and Edge Apolo, as they formed tools of pure chaos and pure harmony, but they realised the energy needed tremendous. The whole room started to shake and tremble as the formation required the 2 to draw from the source of their abilities. They needed ot draw directly from their father’s core, from his very core. The core of all spells. In that moment All who were present were shown the very core of Mana as a wave of pure energy, pure mana came through, being altered into the necessary form for the Tool, and the Beast within the spells. The cores flowed into the bodies but as the tools were set to be chaos - chaos, harmony - harmony, it switched and reformed. The Harmonic-Tool reformed around the Chaos Core, while the Chaotic-Beast reformed around the Harmonic core. An unexpected result, which had the tools mana mix into the Formation. The energy was immense as the mana spread all around the 4 people within were consumed by it: The man then spread all around, and throughout the land. Niro voice boomed all around the whole of Orians: 
“Here my Orians, hear me now and lend me your rage, lend me your hatred, lend me all you have so we can ensure the death of the enemies who would burn our homes, our lives and our futures, come with me now and aid me in the formation of it all! Come now and come all for this moment!” His voice called out as his emotions raged through him., Millions of the Ascen screamed out as they all heard his call. All the while the tools and beasts with the Alma and Spirits started to resonate with Vraka and Selis as they were offered a choice. One of them had all the right to refuse. To accept and be part of those who shall be reborn, and remade all who shall be used for the end of the enemies of our home?” Though it was changed, warped to make all hear something different, all aligned around the Orians, around them and their cultures. They heard what they needed to in order to make many call out and connect back. In that moment Terra screamed out as his Arms seemed to be completely consumed by pure harmony and chaos mana. It was altering him as it moved all around but the agony was on a different scale, the same for Nuro, whose screams had turned silent for they were useless in ending his pain and anguish. He fixed his hand in place as he was used as the anchor for all the Ascen’s rage and hatred towards, Arai, towards all those who were the enemy!” As the blade Terminus would be formed, connected by the desire to render the Empire and his empire to the ground, the blade that shall slay Kings and challenge Emperor was made that day through all those who connected. And all who connected were altered, their cores pulled through as their cores were altered. 
Their beasts evolved from within as the tools reformed around their Hosts. All felt it as the pure Harmonic and Pure Chaotic Mana flowed through them, changing their bodies but also their minds. Soon Terra screamed out in pure horror as he screamed out while scrapping at his own face at the sound and the sight of it as soon he stopped as he looked on at the 2 children absorbed and integrating teh cores of the Orians and making true Human Titans/Elohim. A far greater form of of the original Orians, but also far more feral with super intelligence, but each is part of what seems like a hive mind, where each point is unique but still part of the one. Soon though Terra was mumbling endlessly as his thoughts became hard to understand, the 2 children walked down as one was glowing in a white Light while the other was a dark flow of energy, with with marking of the others all over, black on white and white on black. The children looked monstrous, as though the mana from their cores was pouring out, flowing through their very skin. Their bodies morphed and shifted as they pulled and connected through Terra who was screaming in pain for a moment, then he started to laugh louder and louder. The scream turning to pleasure as he screamed: “I see it, I see it all!” As the mana came through his very flesh he kept on laughing more and more.” Axola looked on as he also saw Nuro screaming as the mana around his arms flowed out to form him. The Saber formed as the voices of millions of people, as millions of Ascen heard his words and connected to him, raging and pouring all their hatred out for all of them. The mana poured all around causing the whole surrounding area to break apart. The deep underground broke off as the 2 moons of Harmony and Chaos became visible from their position. The very world seemed to scream out and cry out. The sky ripped apart and the very world trembled. 
{In that moment in Apexia Summari and Nighla were in Tulla under Arai’s watch as they both sensed a very strange sensation. A chill running up their spines, and goosebumps forming on their arms. They felt uncomfortable for a moment as the sensation quickly passed. They both had no idea how to even respond to what they felt. It was a genuine shock to both}

As the room in Orians cleared up, Terra stepped forward out of the smoke as Axola, Tenma and Azura looked on in pure confusion at the man, who seemed more beast then human now, his hands were like the claws of a beast, with his arms and legs completely altered though from head to toe and a deep grin as he black blood flowed from his nose and ears. He seemed to have lost him mind for a moment: “Shall we get started on preparing for the end of the war?” As he said that Nuro stepped forward with the Saber in his hands. Moving like a man half awake, and possessed by some external force as Axola looked on with a smile: “Prepare yourself as we have a lot of battles and conflicts. 
Tenma listened to Selis who spoke through his mind: “Listen well Tenma, you will never be able to truly kill Kazemi, but you had better find a way to kill Arai Nexal, Hope Apolo and Zoe Navar. Kill them all!” Tenma was silent for a moment until he asked simply: “I am aware you fear the Emperor now, but does it really matter if we kill those 3?” Selis spoke with anger in her voice: “Make no mistake I don’t want revenge for your mother. I simply want to hurt the Emperor. And I know for a fact after all we have seen he loves his people, and those 3 alongside his children, he will be hurt beyond all regards. And he will pay for all he did to use, even if we can’t hurt him physically. 

The war set as the Orians were fully focused on preparing to end the century-old war. In the time to come Terra Night would name the 2 children he made: the first the child of 
1. Chaos - Rhaeg Kazemi Terran, wielder of the pure harmony beast - Sumkina 
2. Harmony - Solenne Kazemi Terran, weilder of the chaos Tool - Loom
Now these 2 children were very different as Rhaeg was made from Nighla’s DNA and Solenne from Summari’s DNA. They both were in fact beings with cores of pure Harmony and Chaos, but through the process of being given the connect Tool and Beast from Selis and Vraka were able to be stabilised and with their human bodies upgrading their cores from level 9 to a class undocumented. A pure Human-Titan: Rhaeg and a Pure Human-Elohim Solenne. Being made stable. Their forms were almost beyond normal. Able to change the forms of Alma and Spirits to human Titans and Elohim but with the price of losing their minds. Being forced to see the elements they wield upgraded with pure harmony or chaos magic depending in their core. They prepared a whole army as this until which numbered nearly 2 Billion total including the 500 million Ascen who connected through the blade terminus and Nuro. The blade was blood-locked to the Vane House and set with Terra as the extension of a beast. As he was connected to a weapon as well. All the power flowing through them. They were referred to as the Human-Kathara as one group, though their forms were far more beasts and monstrous in nature. 

At the same time, the child of Minia would  give birth to her child. Alex made sure to hide it from the public eye. Minia and Irane Jr. were made the leaders of the humans. He made sure the child was a hidden asset. Te only ones who know of her existence were Ember as the leader of the Osiro, Taliya as the leader of the Wov Clan, with Artemis learning about her after she returned as well. 
Now it is important to Note. Aliya had been in Apexia for the past year learning from Irane Kazemi on the full use of her core and tool, but Junior hid this as he made it seem that she was there gathering the last humans who were to return to Earth. Now at this time, were 4 Millions Humans who lived in Apexia from the deal Crimi Night Made with the emperor and with an additional 500 million Humans were born, all of them were taken to be Apexians. Now about 2 Billion in Total chose to remain in Apexia and be fully set as Apexians with 500 million Orians also set and staying as Apexia 
The total population was set to 3,5 Billion Apexian’s in Orians with 15 million Valariyans in total. This was the full population with a total of Nearly 30 Million Automatons who aren’t counted towards the total population. Now on Earth as Minia child was born was differently from the birth of Summari and Nighla, In fact it was a normal birth by all rights. 
She was small with no standout parts. Summari and Nighla were tiny but had beast and creature aspects to them even in their incomplete form. But this child was perfectly human in all regards. The child was named Yumi Irane Consa, set as the air of the Consa clan in secret. She would be by her mother’s side in the coming years. It was after her birth that Junior finally started to feel better. His body finally started to move as he wanted and his mana wasn’t making sick anymore. He had the medication his Irane Kazemi gave him to assist him did the job. But he soon came to a discovery that would change his views. He was only able to use water magic and his was unable to use Normal Magic like everyone else. This made him feel insecure as he felt like people were comparing him to his sisters and he felt so weak and pathetic. But now he was finally able to use different classes of Mana besides Water Mana, and he was able to use any magic too. All spells were under his control and dominion. He began to train like there was no tomorrow showing ability and skill in all magic spells and techniques. He was in a different class for the coming years. So obsessed with getting stronger and stronger that he would fully fall into Alex’s influence.

He was consumed with mastering all that he could. Now as he was under Alex, he trained mostly with Isaac at the time. So much so that he would no longer do any of the duties he had assigned to him. This would lead to Artemis having to carry the slack even more than before. As she would fully commit to the Osiro Clan. So much so that the elders took full note of her. Even Ember was unaware of just how much influence her child was forming in the clan. Artemis started to not only impress in the training halls, but also in her ability to aid and help the Primals with tools, learning how to both use and improve on them. Teaching them the lessons of the Osiro while teaching them their skills. The clan elders saw this well, so much so that Artemis started to even take over more duties for the clan at her young age. Being close to Taliya Wov who aided her in all matters and training and sparing together. So much so that even the Wov elders took note. With Isaac clearly marked to take over as the heir to the More clan and the Primals as a whole, and Irane Jr. leading the humans as a Consa, the title for next leader of the Osiro was clearly set to Artemis. 
Now Irane Jr. was studying about his father from the data gathered from the research made by Minia and Ember when he was still under their care. He learned about how Minia controlled him and about his seal. Fully believing that destroying the seal would allow his father to be free from the control of Arai Nexal. It was all he could focus on as Alex simply pushed him further. In truth he was one of the best people to teach him as he knew the most about Magic having secretly been alive for so long. He didn’t just take him, he also made sure that he was competing with Isaac. Purposely forcing the brothers to fight and train together. This created a direct sense of competition between them. More with Isaac wanting to beat his older brother thus working 10 times harder than he ever would have before. Now with these 2 learning and training with the city which at this point was considered the human capital within the Asian Continent as it was the last region where the resistance took root. Now it is important to note that Artemis did also on occasion Train with her brothers, but it wasn’t often. Normally she went to the city with Taliya to just use their high-tech facility for training and practice. This led to the 2 of them forming a minor connection with Yumi. Now this lasted for the duration of 5 years as the storm officially started to end around Limbo. 

5 Years after the events leading to Juniors’ return to Apexia, 10 years from when the storms began. 10 years since the storms began and Irane came to be as he is now. The conflict of the war took place I full amount



Purgatory - A prison realm formed when Mana brought Arke back and was sealed away by her, new form - Vera. A place where all who enter are forced to battle against a variety of different new pure elementals. All an extension of Mana within the realm. All an extension of his very being known as Mana-Elementals, Its an inter dimensions filled by copies from all the life-force from all those who used a spell before. 
There are 15 beings who rule here each aligned to a pillar, Aevum was able to beat and take the place of the 8th elemental - Energy Pillar. 

Yumi I. Consa (Kazemi’s Original core remade) 
{Note this is information in the application and story
* Beast 1 (Chaos): Rhaeg's Titan-beast — already just created
* Nature: Droom Lucerne's beast (bear-form, Darkness-Earth-adapting)
* Water: Evin Navar's beast (Hemo, the hydra)
Selis group (Harmony/Force + Earth + Electricity):
* Tool 1 (Harmony): Solenne's Aspect Loom — already just created
* Earth: Edge Apolo (Sova's Chain remade as Earth Tool, core changes to Space-Earth)
* Electricity: Pino Seraph (remade as energy-power tool)
Cronus group (Time + Light + Ice):
* Light: Artemis Osiro (temporary, already added)
* Time: Vesper Wov (added to his existing Oracle's Eye)
* Ice: Mora Apolo (Glacial Order — already created)
Gaia group (Life/Death + Darkness + Air):
* Life/Death: Nevir Jr. Revyn (phoenix beast, life/death resurrection-cycle)
* Darkness: Leo Proude (dark lion, fire-absorbing)
* Air: Qin Navar (already created)
}
Tina Consa(Air-Ice;Chaotic-light)

Bibblabe as an Boolean in the call types table, so add that,

Squad 0 members: 
The members of the champions squad
Criya, Jade, Adri, Nina, Isoke
Julia, Senthma, Milo, Assa, Konnar 

Part 10 Planning

Part 10: War For Humanity! Part 1: Primals VS Orians!

The war is fought between the Orians and Primals and this ends with the Primals being the overall winners, taking over the Orians after decimating them in the war. Its a war that takes 10 years to conclude, with billions dead on both sides. This leads to peace talks as Apexia’s lead Irane is called and set to act as the mediator for the conflict. It is at this that he is ambushed by Axola, Nuro, Alex, Terra, Issac, Irane Junior  with the 2 children of Terra by his side. 
Irane Kills Terra, Axola and Alex while taking massive damage. Instead of being beat he is set in a state of stillness as Alex uses the information from Junior and Minia to force Irane(49%) to remember Ziphora, leading him to being sealed sent away into Purgatory. This event is known as the Death of the Old world. This also leads to Minia capturing Summari and Nighla, as well as Aevum moving to Isaacs form, taking over as the ultimate leader of the Mora and Vane clan, as the man who has every right to stand at the peak. 

From this he wages war against the Apexian as they won’t surrender even after Irane’s ‘death/defeat’. With Hope representing Apexia as its empress stating that they will fight and that is he wants their land he must take it, and if he wants their Goddess(Arai) then he can have her over their dead bodied. 

Part 10: War For Humanity! Part 2: Final war

Now the war was only supposed to last at most 2 years, but it stretched out to 10 years total. 
The Apexian’s go to full out war with the Orians, Primals and Humans all aiming to kill the Apexians

Nighla vs Irane Junior who now goes by Irane Ziphora Vane Junior(Current leader of the Vane House and the current welder of the blade Terminus) 
Summari vs Yumi Irane Consa(Currently set as the head humans) and wielder of the Kazemi Design core. 





Part 10: War For Humanity! Part 3: The rise of fallen Gods

We learn that Aevum has become the 8th seat holder for the energy pillar, this leads to Irane returning and challenging him for the elemental throne, showing how he already obtained the permission to do so. And the loser would become the new vessel for Mana. The fight continues, as Irane beasts Aevum, forcing him to leave Isaacs’ body, and moving to his old body. Now Mana actually took over Juniors body, which leads to Kazemi fighting Mana, this leads to Kazemi winning, but at a cost as to win he needed to destroy his seal in order to beat Mana, forcing him back and breaking the seal, this leads to a final fight. 
Irane Kazemi(100%) vs Aevum Vane( with Mana as his beast and the Combined weapon from Sol-Nexus, This is the battle that shakes the word to its core and is also the form to which Aevum is killed one trillion times. And leads to the end of the 2 words of Earth and Orians, forming around Aevum as he is sealed. 


Now we need a total of 15 elemental cores, with Aevum being the 8th, 11- Selis, 12-Vraka, 13(time) - Father Time, 14(life/death) - Mother Nature, 15(Space) - Mana 
Irane and the Apexian empire is set as the 8th element, energy after Irane beat Aevum. 

As the tree rounds take place, The rest of the Apexian’s fight the Mana-Elemental pouring out, 


Irane Kazemi(49%) With his new weapon, a great sword made by Aeva from Irane’s old blade. It is named after the man who defeated the trail in Irane’s knowledge: ‘Ziphora’ a blade designed to channel all of of the elemental cores in a unified manner, unlike their individual elements. It is the blade he uses to fight Aevum, who has regained his original body which has been in Purgatory under Mana for the last 1000 years. It is far stronger then before, and he wields the spear Unix as well, fully connected to every single Human in the world. This changes from Aevum being in control to him being forced to battle Irane for the right to continue being the leader of the 8th Element: Energy. This fight ends with Irane winning through the use of a core destruction Art. One that took him 100 years to learn and 1000 to complete master and perfect. This leads Aevum officially losing. But this is only the start as Mana officially returns and takes over Irane Juniors very body. 
This leads to Mana vs Kazemi Irane(99%) and is shatters the state of the world. Now the first fight was witnessed by all, but the final clash is 