Part 9: War For Humanity! Part 2 - Destruction Before Creation 

Part 9.1: The Wars within War! 

Now the war between the Orians and the Primals was ongoing while the war between Apexia and the Arke Twins was also wagging. Now the war between the Orians and Primals took place in major location on Limbo. It was the crossing path allowing Earth and the world of Orians to meet. There were many battle fields on plain of Limbo as it was the connecting point, now the they fought on for 4 whole years, With Arai, Hope and Zoe leading the forces of the Orians side. And to the dismay and rage of Axola and Nuro, Arai was a far better leader. There were many occasions in the war when she showed far more foresight and ability. She was the mind of the war, and she used Hope and Zoe as both her spear tip and shield. Co-ordinating strikes with them. 
On the Primal side Minia was the main mind, the planner. She and Alex were the main strategist with Ember and Taliya acting as commands of their own respective teams. Vesper was give a unit too, a special unit made of the most elite and specialist members of the Primals. Now on their side, they didn’t give Tools and Beast to simply any Primal. No Ember and Taliya ensured that only those who understood and complied with the views and teaching of their clans. Beasts and Tools to the Wov and Osiro were sacred things and a gift to be had. This limited the number of Primals as they separated into camps under each one of the 2 clans, now those who didn’t comply which were the majority stayed under the banner of Alex. 
He was an incredible leader. Many accredited how he had in a way changed for the better from the brat who desired Sofia years ago when 8(Irane) was still part of the Primals. He and Minia in all truth were a terrifying combination. 

Now Alex who in truth was Aevum now, was fully set to lead the Primals. He laughed to himself noting how he was a King who changed the Orians and what it is today, and how now he was the leader of their enemies. He laughed at the irony of it all. And he marvelled at having someone like Minia. Now despite the appearances Alex and Minia were around the same age. He saw a similar kind of obsession and need, similar to Arai was. He knew how to read people and how to truly decipher them in a deep and personal level. It was a skill he mastered and perfected in the thousand years he was busy moving through bodies. He knew that all she truly wanted was acknowledgment and power, something he gave her. And he even allowed her to take control. He used her obsession over Arai, a fact he learned from Ember to make her lead their forces against Arai. 
She had something too prove especially after her fight with Hope. He was amazed to see just how much she saw Arai as a ‘worthy’ opponent. They only one who was her equal, but the rage and anger she felt towards Hopes was terrifying to see. She started to truth show how much she hated Hope. 
Vesper put all his efforts, and mind to killing Aliya, it was a dark obsession he had grown, all he desired was her end. He never morned for this parents, no… in truth after the events with Aliya he bottled up his grief and turned it to pure focus, a mindset he learned from Mira. The ability to channel one’s emotions for a specific point. It was a mindset, as he put all aside for the simple desire to end her. It was terrifying to see how much he wanted her dead. Aliya’s very name made him rage. 
Aliya was also major piece in the Orians. She was the best when it came to getting into very highly sensitive location. She was called the ‘Phantom’ of Arai. And taking her down, was nearly impossible to stop her. Infiltration was her skill. She had been more direct. Aliya sweet nature child… but it must be noted, Aliya was a student of Arai, as far back as when she was still Cai, she was a true veteran of war, infiltration and combat. She was under Arai the longest student, and the results of her brainwashing made her a hard work, a child who served with her whole to be of use. Aliya was a weapon of unnatural ability. She did all things perfectly, not just for Arai, but as an act to Irane. She was a full believer and a dedicated woman to Irane, his soul indeed. 
Now she hated Axola and Nuro for the hatred they both stated and hated Irane publicly. Axola even after being freed from prison and placed in the war, still spoke of Irane as an evil monster that needed to be destroyed at all cost. He fear him. Now Nuro was different he hated Irane, no out of fear, but hatred for suffering he went through, his arms were marked perminatly Black and white from the forbidden spell and they all looked at him with content for it, until Axola also stopped mocking him. There were a few times when Aliya would have Nuro for a mission and assignment, and there were many occasion where Aliya held back her desire to kill Nuro for all the insults he would throw about Irane. 
In all rights the war was brutal and exhausting, which both sides in a stalemate. 

Now Niro plan his secret project to strengthen and change the scales of war was the study of the material hue got from Arai when they were returned to Orians. They research was altered by Irane before he gave it to Arai, it was on human-core transplantation and how to improve on it. He saw the humans not as people but as possible weapons. But his scientists and elites were in all right useless. He in desperation brought Arai into the fold and had her take over as the lead on the project. She started not by taking the humans from the Primals who had no cores, no she made many uses of Aliya to steal the non-conscious human bodies that Toma had. It took a very long time but through the years she gathered and obtained millions of the bodies thanks to Aliya, Assa and Rui who with Nuro formed the gather squads. Now she didn’t force the people to participate, she knew just like Niro how the Orians would react to it especially the Ascen. But she still tried, now the very few Ascen, the ones she saved in the first attack who referred ot her as ‘Goddess’ in secret, well it more of an open title at this point didn’t hesitate to join, and the few Alma and Spirits who were fully devoted to Hope and Zoe also decided to join. In truth these 3 groups where made of what the Orians called the duds of their societies, those who under the rule of Elorah and Azen were considered weak, stupid and even lower then garbage. Under Arai, Hope and Zoe they were treated a lot fairer, and they changed many policies to make their lives better. They also joined in, as Arai would move them into human bodies, and train them. 
They became far stronger as the effect of the body with a core made people much much stronger, and with the teaching of Arai with the Ascen-Humans, Zoe with the Alma-Humans and Hope with the Spirit-Human. They saw the power of their mana, beasts and Tools improved. They all went from being fodder, to being regarded as the strongest in there society. They were on the thickest parts of the war. And with the elite of the Alma and Spirit take by Vraka and Selis, they became the new elites. Able to merge and combine with their tools and beasts, and showed a new level of power, their demon and angle forms were on a different class. And most importantly, they didn’t have the issue of their weapons taking their life force away in human forms. 
This ment that Zoe and Hope didn’t need to hold back with them in their training, they felt bad as they knew, they knew the effects of the Ferali and Celestials Beast and Tools on pure Alma and Spirts, but with those who entered human forms, they didn’t need hold back at all. And this made all the different. Their power and contribution in the war was on a different scale. They were feared at first, but that soon changed. They noticed how those who were in their late 40s didn’t die, they lived on, and this was amazing. Very few people were able to live long lives among the Alma and Spirits. This changed the view on human bodies as Niro enjoyed watching how more and more Ascen started to see the value, but still with the limited number of bodies, it became clear that they needed more human forms. 
He assigned Axola the secret task, one that Arai didn’t know about, as he was tasked with gather live human to make them have children to make into their slaves. He knew how Arai felt about the way the Orians saw woman and children. He noticed how woman were in a way getting treated better, and even the myth of the Tisiphone, the legend made after Aliya’s will went mayhem, the fear from that spirit was still very real, and the fear for it. The event traumatised millions of the Orians, and slowly the society started to treat woman with more respect out of pure fear.
Orinas was a changing society, and it wouldn’t be an exaggeration to say the people were living far better lives during this age of war. 


Now for 4 years the war raged, until a major mana storm enveloped Limbo(A result of Irane final fight against the Arek twins), as this event would cause what many would consider mana poisoning as many would be horrible affected by the mana in Limbo. 
The Orians and the Primals moved away from their positions in Limbo and returned to their respective worlds. At this time Arai, Hope, Zoe and Aliya were all hospitalised. The Orians assumed they had mana poisoning as well, as they would be unable to access the realm of Limbo for months as the mana storm raged on for month, it was impossible for both sides to enter the realm. Now Alex and Niro both wanted to carry on the war, so they started looking for portals that lead through :Limbo to the other world in a location the storm wasn’t effecting. But for the time they were apart, many events took place as both sides were affected by the result of Irane defeating Vraka and Selis. 
Now we first need to look at Apexia. 
After Irane took the cores of all the Valariyan’s there was a bit of terror in the people, as they saw 15% of their own be turned into mindless slaves. It was a terrifying sight and many people questioned the right for such an act, an act that Nina of all people, spoke on to the people as the price they all volunteered in. After all the Primals were moved to human bodies and promised to be Valariyan’s. It was a contract they all agreed to, and one the emperor signed off on. Then Aura added: “He said he couldn’t fully make us Valariyan’s until he had his full power, now he did and he claimed what he wanted, and they all had a core of Kazemi. It was now their turn to serve as they noted how it was to be a Valariyan. And how serious the choice truly was. They all accepted it, after all the ones who could feel bad, wilfully gave their cores, while those who were mindless where the ones who broke the contract.
Now this would alter the way the Apexian’s would treat others. In the coming month as Irane rested on his throne, they noted how his core was calling down, and it would take a very very long time for him to form back to a level under 15%, as that was when he had more control. His core was after a month still at 77%, showing the slow decrees in his power. 
Pnadro noted how his power was being used to power the whole city, and its defensive abilities and powers. Now this led to a major shift, as Mira started he capture of Hades and Ether, they came to realise the changes to the world around them. The mana store and the battle by Irane and Vraka changed the very world, as Hades altered and was barried deep under ground, while Ether was lifted and placed above the clouds. They were both marvellous now, and were inhabited by the class of wild Ferali and Celestails. The war was brutal, and as Terra started his move to make humans with cores, of the Ferali and Celestial who were wild now, moved to humans forms. It was interesting moment in their lives, as when Pandro and Mira intervened as they saw how more people were in all rights having their lives ended. Started to actually show the humans how to select the beast or Tool most suited to them, and how to be at unison with the beings nature. They were very successful in this as more then 80% of the people they taught mastered their beast or tools. 
Now many humans wanted to join the Apexia in terms of being a citizen, but there was a law stopping them. 

No being without cores were allowed to join, and the main reason was how Irane couldn’t actually persevere humans, he couldn’t see people with no cores, causing in a way a blindspot for him. He didn’t want he couldn’t ‘see’ in his empire. But that stopped as now many of the humans who had cores now wanted to join, as they were allowed. They were granted the right to be Apexian’s. But there was intresting trend as the Valariyan’s warned the new Apexian, no to desire to be Valariyan’s as the cost was not something they would be willing to pay, as the terms was born: “If you wish to be a Valariyan, the you must offer your core to the Emperor!” It was stated not as something good, but rather a horror. They didn’t hide the price of failing the Emperor as a Valariyan, as they showed the people who were no nothing more then machines in all rights. Many people who joined didn’t actually try the path to be a Valariyan, instead they did what the Valariyan’s the smart choice and stay as Apexian’s, plain and simply. They didn’t sugar coat the horror of being a Valariyan. But at the same time, a new law was set as now only Valariyan’s were permitted to be in the city of Paradise, the throne city. And the city was now a different scale, it was a city that allowed all the people all the Valariyan’s(Those with Kazemi’s core now) to be able to control aspects of the city. 
Pandro showed them how the city responded not to commands, but the will in their cores, the city was a. Moving master piece on magic and primrdial tech, which with the power of Irane’s core truly became a paradise, as when a person was thrust and truly desired as doing the city would react and give them water, make with water mana. If someone was cold, the city would respond to the core and created a hot-wind, and if they were to hot, a cold wind around them. 
The city was able to transport people to their desired locations. It was indeed a Paradise. But it took a very very long time for the Valariyan’s to get use to the city. 

All the Apexian’s stayed in the city of Tulla it was their base, as Pandro extended the power system from Irane’s core to Tulla and started to modify it to run on Irane’s mana, he wanted to use as much of the mana lacking of Irane as possible to drain him and bring him to a more stable state faster. 
Then the city of Sentia also got Theo power connection. The 2 cities now ran on the power of Kazemi’s core. Now we need to note that after Irane placed himself on the throne the Valariyan’s would all note on the experiences they had, as when they dreamt they didn’t just have normal dreams, no they entered the space within Kazemi’s universe, there time was different, but it was what they saw that was amazing, as many would see Irane in their dreams, but it was the man they knew on the throne, no it was a different aspect, a version of him from the trial. 
Many would walk through 2 different realms: The Biome-World of Enari, and The Forge of Irane. These 2 spaces were unique in their scale as they would all stateb how in the Forge they saw Irane making Tools, while in the forest they saw him hunting beast. 
Now the Biome was a massive space of all the different environments of the world: Forest, Oceans, Swamps, Mountains, Snowy plains, Deserts, and more, and it was teaming with beast of amazing variety and nature. It was filled with so many beasts. It was the plain of Enari, the place he ruled over in the universe. 
The Forge was different, it wasn’t just a factory space, no it was an industrial workshop with the equipment to just make swords and tools of steal, but also a space where cloths could be made, advanced computer chips. In a way all manner of things could be made in the Forge. It was vast and impossible to understand. 
They would all claim to see a version of Irane, many saw a younger version, while others saw an older version. It was different, but all would note how he would guide them to choose a beast, or have them gather the material needed to create their tools. They would not just be granted a Tool or Beast, no they would earn them and get the marital needed to make them, as Irane would tell them all the same thing: 
“How can you wish to wield a beast, when you have no idea where that beast comes from, their nature, and world? Or How do you plan on using a tool, if you have no idea what went into making said tool?” 
He would guide many to it. 
Now there was a third and forth state, as the Library of Pandro was a place people could access, as now that people had a Kazemi core, it ment they could learn adn use Kazemi’s magic, and thus the library was open to them, as Pandro was set to teach them, alongside Mono, And then there was the Training ground, the place where Urial would hold his place, a place were they could all learn Kazemi’s Techniques. Urial would be assigned the duty of the realm, but at the moment he was to young, in fact he would also be learning in this realm. 
The Valariyan’s hd no real restriction. And the simple fact that they were given access to so much was mind blowing. Their dreams would feel like they lasted for days on end. It was hard work, but also Irane took his time. The spirits of his very being were also present, as the spirts Aliya had access to were in this realm, teaching the Valariyan’s. As many would note that the emperor teaches in his dreams. 

Now there is a second point to be made and that was with Summari, Nighla, Urial and Dokia. As with Irane asleep, many felt in danger with them around, again they were very hard to be around, but nothing of note took place, or rather it is better to say Irane was still watching over them. He couldn’t move from the throne at the moment, but as Sanctuary, was in all right covering all of Apexia, he could predict himself always in Apexia, and he could influent the city around them. He would use his power in Paradise to ensure that they didn’t kill anyone, and all 4 would be in the palace most of the time, as they would still be trained by Irane at this time. He could create a spirt form of himself as move about freely in the Palace as he would teach the 4 of them directly to. 
Now there was more as Mira and Pandro would ask Irane to train them to master his Will, it was clear to them that they needed to also work harder in order to truly master the power, they were both tired of having the power knock them out for days on end, as Irane would smile and inform them to come and train when they had the chance. Now he would also have Aura, Criya, Nina, Milla, and Jade train under him to as he wanted noted: He wanted to give Aura, Nina and Jade Tool/Beast hybrid, like Criya’s Winter & Bearasil. He wanted them to be like Criya and it was for this reason that he kept them close and trained them personally. Pander also brought his 2 children: Senthma and Julia as he wanted to ensure they were near him as did Milla in bring Tyler. Now Irane also decided to train them along side Summari and his other children. He noted that it was dangerous for them to be trained with Summari and Nighla, Dokia and Urial, but it would be foolish of him to not allow these children in. He wanted his children to from relationships with other kids, as they would all in a way as Irane stated: “Enrol In Kazemi’s Academy!” 
Now the Apexian, saw the abilities of the Valariyan’s and how in all rights amazing they were becoming, the spells they could use, the power they had, and in truth it was them who were handling most of the major issues. They saw them and wanted that power. They felt their warnings were wrong and filled with greed, and so many entered the pack, the 10 year service to become a Valariyan out of desire and spit, a choice many had no idea on the true price of…

Now we state this as there were major outcomes from the war of Irane and the Arke twins: 
As the storm was raging in Limbo, the Orians took the moment to focus on setting and preparing their next objections, focusing on building their strength and weapons as the storm raged. Now a month after the storm started, as Arai, Hope and Zoe re-awoke from the Drive active as 80%. A major commotion would draw their attention as The Alma and Spirits who were summoned by Vraka and Selis would return…
Their return seen as a moment of in truth annoyance for Niro, as the return of Azen and Elorah, well in all truths didn’t bring him any joy, in truth he didn’t care. The fact that they were called away in the first place made them unreliable. Now as they returned they came back with mana poisoning, and it was server. The million of Alma and Spirit were down to hundreds of thousands only and the ones that returned came back with the illness in a sever form. Many people were shocked to see them, even more so their state. In a rush and panic the Alma and Spirits would bring them to the Ascen capital which had the best hospital but even the doctors there had no idea how to treat such a sever case of mana poisoning. They were all estimated to die in a few days. It was an interesting moment as Arai while examining them would notice the traces of Irane’s mana within them, a trace Crono noticed. With the aid of Zoe and Hope she created a way to drain the additions mana killing them from their bodies, it took some time but with the power of Aphexia and her evolution core, Zoe was able to adapt and absorb the mana, as Hope’s ability with Mana control and dominion over Irane’s mana allowed her to pull it out. They were saved by the abilities these 2 had, as they would all be saved and recovering for weeks, unconscious and recovering. When they awoke, Azen and Elorah were in Ascen, while the majority of their warriors were now in the capital of the Alma and Spirits.
They all had human forms and more importantly they seemed to be stuck in their Angel and Demon forms, merged with their beasts and tools. Normally an Alma and Spirit wouldn’t stay in their Angel or Demon form, they would either separate from them when unconscious or when their mana was depleted. The fact that all these Alma and Spirits didn’t turn back ment something was wrong, very wrong indeed. Niro was curious and took the liberty to take some of them for study and observation, to understand what occurred to them. 
In the coming days many would awaken as they began to explain what occurred to them, as many would note how they were in a war against the Apexian Empire. Many were quite and experiences nightmares of the time, while a few others were unable to reliably explain what occurred as Alma soldier would attest: “It was like being in my own body, but with my beast in charge. All I could hear was the command and influence of our lord Vraka. His nature was all I could feel. It was hell! There was no other word to describe it, we were forced into human bodied and they bathed us in their mana and influence, premaritally making us take these forms… We had no control, no way to stop. For years, we… we were slaves to them…” He cried out, he was visibly shaking. 
Now the Alma and Spirits were very religious and saw Vraka and Selis as their Gods respectively so to hear these accounts. Well it was hard to accept. Even worse was the fact that these where the same claims made by the Wov and Osiro clans in the many centuries that had passed, the same ones that made them outcasts and heretics. They were seen as liars and were hunted and killed for their ideals. It was hard to swallow. As then they started to describe it, as a Spirit woman would tell them of the final fight: 
“We were connected to Selis like we were extension of her… we felt her joy, her rage, her power… we were one with her. She called to use, and we listened. She shared in final battle with Ira… no  with the Emperor!” She seemed terrified as she stopped her self from saying his name, his name made her freeze as when someone asked her: “What did Irane kazemi do…” they were cut off as in pure fear and hysteria she grabbed him by the collar in rush of a moment: “Don’t you dare… don’t you dare utter his name, we aren’t worthy, he will kill us, kill us all!” As she remembered the words of Irane to Selis and Vraka, on how they weren’t worthy of using his name as she cried out: “The Emperor he, he killed them, over and over and over and over…” He kept repeating grasping her head as though the very thought, the very act of remembering was hurting her. She was shaking in pure terror, as she stated: “He just kept killing them, over and over. No stop. We heard their cries of mercy, of pain. I heard Selis… I heard her call to Mana himself, she was begging but I never ended. His laughter, his joy. The pain he inflicted on them. It was truly endless.” She cried out, them tears streamed down her face. It was truly hard to imagine as she seemed to have lost her mind. Not only her, but the stories of their accounts spread as more and more Alma and Spirits awaken and tried their best to explain. But one thing was clear, on fact could be taken from all their broken accounts. Irane Kazemi had fought Vraka and Selis. And he had ended them. He ended them wholesale. This information spread across the land, then many noted back to Axola’s words. His declaration and warning that the Emperor was going to do this. Those who came back noted him and his words and prophetic. But many Alma and Spirits didn’t believe it, and the main reason was simply, they still had their beasts and Tools. They still had their treasures and gifts from them. And even the new born, the few children that had been born after the events they were describing had Ferali Beasts and Celestial Tools too. So their claims were noted to be false. They noted how their Gods couldn’t have died, after all then they would have the gifts they granted. Regardless the stories and words they spoke terrified them. 

The myth of Irane kept increasing and rising. Niro was over it, as Axola proclaimed to his father in terrified excitement on how he was right. How the book he acquired in Heaven spoke the truth. He laughed and revealed in it all. Soon Elorah and Azen awakened. They were badly injured above the poisoning, their scares were a terrifying sight, but it was the fact that they were alive at all. It made no sense as Arai would note, there was something keeping them alive. 
Elorah and Azen would be called by Niro to speak, he had a small few there with Arai, Hope, Zoe, Axola, and Nuro present. It was just those few. Their children were still healing. They were both mentally okay… well it would be better to say their mental states were far clearer and better than the ones of the others. Now Azen was confused as to why Zoe and Hope where there, as Niro would note that he had no right to ask that after all he was the one who supposed to answer not them!” He stated with rage. He was not pleased, not one bit. He wanted answer more then anything and he demanded them as Azen and Elorah would speak:
“We were summoned by Vraka and Selis to they their vessels. They used us though one would use a suite or armour. We had no say, as they channeled their power through us in order to battle against the Emperor… we fought a number of times and the war was brutal. They called forth the Alma and Spirts who were the strongest for their army, the most capable for the sake of ending him. We fought with him…” As Axola interrupted: And he killed your precious little gods!” He chucked as Axola warned him to shut up or his next words would be his last, he remind silent as Elorah corrected him: “No… he did kill them, he beat them to submissions. And then even after he carried on. Making them experience death. Pure unadulterated death, and we had front row sits to it all. He beat them to a pulp and made them experience death over and over again, it was endless.” As they explained more and more it became clear that Irane Kazemi was an absolute monster as they heard of how he contracted as Elorah added: “he was prepared, he fought us… them so many times and in many battles just to prepare his plan. They even nearly beat him once. I was actually happy, happy that after they killed him we would be free… Then he made a pact with them, a game of cores he called it, were the loser could take one core, on beast or tool from any of the others. They were so confident. He ran, so far and so fast that it made no sense…” Azen added as Elorah paused: “They called him a coward, a fool who was to scared to start his own challenge, they caught up to him and he was holding his own for some time… they pushed him back injuring him, taking his leg and arm. It was a brutal moment, but they had him dead. Then…” He paused, he clenched his first and closed his eyes and felt the scare traveling from his head to his leg aching. Elorah placed her hand on her chest as though also feeling pain from Azen words. They both paused as Niro looked at them confused. He had never seen these 2 in such a state, it was unsettling to be honest for him. Arai, Hope and Zoe listened on as they felt their words echoing in their cores, in truth they felt happy, especially Hope and Zoe, as they continued, they described the endless deaths, and how they felt every cell in their bodies being destroyed and remade, over and over. They described how it felt like centuries were passing, as the pain and torment didn’t stop, the golden Dragon, the Spear of Apexia, the Emperor in Golden armour constantly destroying them, but it was his joy they felt the most, they saw how he was enjoying every moment as Azen would add: “I felt the pain it was endless, every cell destroyed and remade. But more then anything his Joy, and he was revealing in the pain he was inflicting on us, he was enjoying more and more and it was endless. They gave up, they gave up near the begging, but all we saw was the glowing. The rain of Golden aura and the roar of his mana. Each strike made us feel his feelings and… he’s a monster, he made them submit and admit defeat. More than anything was the final strike. That strike…” He touched the scare, the golden mark around it as he stated: “His final move annihilated them, they were destroyed completely and utterly. It was madness” He said with a maddening stare to the ground. 
As they concluded they added: 
“The Emperor didn’t just destroy Vraka and Selis, he sealed them and bound them!” As they said that, Elorah noticed something… it was on her eye as she noticed a smile slowly come across on Arai, Hope and Zoe’s faces. All them despite all their effort couldn’t hide their joy as Elorah asked with a deadly stare: “What so funny, girl?” Arai didn’t hesitate at all as she stated directly: “You can’t tell me you can tell that story and not find it funny?” She said mockingly as she continued: “We went through the efforts of a peace treaty, and you go ahead with your soldiers and aid in a war against them? You’re both a special kind of stupid indeed!” He words shock Axola, Hope and Zoe who’s eyes all widened with shock at the audacity, the pure disrespect of her words. She continued to laugh as she added: “Look at what your desire for power has gotten you, you who have lived for over a thousand years because of the power they granted you and your children. I’m happy to see that Lord Aevum was wise in his belief that those beings, those so called Gods of yours were truly nothing more then power hungry animals that were put in their place as well as you!” Elorah and Azen both tied ot get up in pure rage but their injuries prevented that, then Niro added: “You are indeed right Arai, Lord Aevum was indeed right in his words to never use the power of others. A power that one did not cultivate by themselves, it is why we of the Ascen stand as the top, non of our soldiers left, or were taken, no Ascen disappeared from the battle field, now you both seem to think that after these few years, you still stand with authority. Hope Apolo now leads the Spirits, and Zoe Now leads the Alma. Why because you were gone. Your cities, your people are alive today because of these ‘girls’ as you so call them. So I would be very grateful if I was you!” 
His words shut them up immediately as Niro stood up and stated: “If as you stated both now wield Vraka and Selis, as how the Wov and Osiro clans wield the Gaia and Cronus, then I suggest you start showing me what you can do instead of complaining and crying like useless children, go and heal and prepare to finish the war, you and your children left!” 

As he left he gestured to Arai, Hope and Zoe to leave with him, as Axola and Nuro stayed within the room with Azen and Elorah. They were seething with pure rage and anger as they both gripped the chairs they were on, Azen with raspy voice declared: “I’ll kill her, that little bitch Arai and Zoe, I’ll kill them!” 
Nuro added: “I wonder, do you both really think you can, I mean I’ve seen them, Zoe and Hope are very strong and capable warriors, I don’t know if you can even stand on their levels…:” As he said that Axola warned him to be quite and noted who he was addressing as he responded with a smirk: “Ah I am fully aware who I’m addressing dear, I’m addressing the man who wears a mask to cover the broken face that Arai gave him, honestly brother aren’t you tired of being spared, I mean first it was Irane in the wars against the Primals, then Arai. You must be sick of it, then these 2, Ah forgive me, I mean the rejected Tool and Beast of the Grand Emperor.” He said as he walked out the room with a mocking smile, he enjoyed it the fact that these being were in a way on the same level as him now in the eyes of Niro. There was a lot Axola wanted to say, in truth he wanted to beat the living hell out of his brother but he stopped. 
There was a moment of silence as the 3 simply looked at each other. 

As they walked Niro instructed Arai, Hope and Zoe to keep up their work! As he retuned to their room, as Arai, Hope and Zoe were alone, they all laughed, they returned to the Nexal House were Aliya, Assa, Dio, Leo and Rui also were as to their shock, deiced to celebrate. Arai was overjoyed, as she smiled, with a sense of Joy unmatched, Irane did it, he did what he promised and sealed them. She was over the moon. Zoe and Hope also revealed in it, as Zoe would state to hope: “Lets make this a true celebration, as they invited their solders over, who at the time were in the Mana Academy, the place were training was talking place as they called them over and it truly became a festival. Ascen loyal to Arai, those who were in human forms were also invited to as soon there was a massive celebration and fest in the estate. It turned into a whole movement as Tenza and Tola would watch them in curiosity to what this was all about, as Arai would tell them: “We’re celebrating the return of power of course!” She was so happy she even invited them to join, dragging Tenza in, as for the first time since they were children Arai actually had fun with him. The area was in all manner of speaking a festival now as Zoe organised and asked some of them to make food, while Hope set up entertainment with magic. It was an interesting event to say the least as dancing and singling, music and magical fireworks covered the sky. For the first time, they all saw a sight they never thought possible… Arai, Hope and Zoe smiling with pure joy. Even Nuro passed through as he was confused about the reports of and the noise coming from there, to which Zoe in pure bliss and joy would drag him in to celebrate. It was in all rights a truly wonderful time. As even Tola would simply join in and Hope would also just dance around, he got sucked into it and actually used his magic for entertainment. As he would note how this was the first time and Hope would spend time together, he still didn’t tell her he was her father, but she knew, oh she knew indeed, but that didn’t matter. It was like her rage and anger was overshadowed by the joy of knowning Irane won, and he was now an Emperor. 


As time went on Elorah and Azen returned back to their lands, as they saw the people, all the Alam and Spirits looking at them, as their leaders. The truth was they hated the forms they had now, the cursed bodies they had now was nothing more then proof of their time, of the war and the sad reality, they were only alive because Irane forced Vraka and Selis back, the golden scares on their bodies were proof it and they hated it, everything they tried to sleep, all they say was him and the smile he had, the smile and joy he had killing them over and over. 
Now there was a lot of commotion in Orians at the moment as the 2 cities were more divided. With the return of the elite warriors, there were now more Human-Spirit and Alma. This and the stories that spread made it very hard to not see the human form as a powerful tool as many now noted: “Even the Gods want us in human bodies, it is a sign!” Many noted, but Elorah and Azen hated looking at their new forms, as many Alma and Spirits stuck in demon and spirit forms found it unbearable, to be a merged human-beast hybrid and a human-tool hybrid was hell, the looks and stares they got made them feel the pressure and pain of what they went through. They felt utterly sick and trapped. They hated it all, and what made it worse was how after their return the Seraph and Lucerne clans showed their distain for the Spirits and Alma as they stated that they weren’t allowed in the city, they were forced out from them. It was a dark day as even the Demon and Angle formed beings were sent out. 
Now Hope and Zoe who were also human didn’t even ask to stay, they simply joined them, as they moved south to the cities after Aliya as ‘Tisiphone’ had attacked and ravaged. Now many of the Alma and spirits who returned thought they wouldn’t be invited, as there was some uncertainty to where they could even go, but Hope and Zoe did indeed for their respective people call on them to join them. They didn’t even try to chase them away, they were fully welcomed to their camp, as Hope and Zoe would establish and alter 2 of the ravaged smaller cities to the south as their new home. 
They even went as far as to ask Arai to assist in finding a way to help them return to their normal ‘Human forms’ and separate from their beats and Tools. And action which even with the 3 of them, they couldn’t accomplish as Arai noted they were altered at the genetic level and core level, this wasn’t something that could be undone, but together they did find a solutions, though temp as they showed them how to temporarily separate from the Beast or Tool for a limited time, and be in their normal forms, but it would only last a short while. In this time, they felt grateful for all they did. In the span of a month the new cities and new people became more united as they formed real relationships. 
A major point was how Zoe merged and stared walking around in her Demon form, with her hair being more best like and getting fangs and claws. 
Even Hope would adopt the same method and form the a direct connection with hr blade, created streams of iron red streaks and altering her body. Even the other Alma and Sprits who were human joined in, as though to show them, they weren’t alone. It was a truly touching moment as the people grew closer together. Now on the suggestion of Arai, Hope and Zoe created new flags for the cities. It was the 2 symbols of Dragon and Beast on the flag of Apexia but on their who designs and without the other 5 beasts with Hope adopting the beast of Dragon, and Zoe taking the beast-beast model. They flew it high and proud, now not all the Human-Alma and Human-Spirits would join in as small few would refuse and find their own way, feeling as though they had no where to be, they were the ones who refused this existence as is, and wanted their old lives back, they wanted to be back to their old forms. 

Now the Spirts and Alma did see the hypocrisy as they were humans to, humans stuck in the demon and angle forms, but all knew to be wary of them, they knew better then to disobey Elorah and Azen, they knew better than anyone. Now a few months would pass as the Spirits and Alma would still conduct under Elorah and Azen, but Niro made it clear that when It came to military and the war, Zoe and Hope were the ones in charge. Now this was bad enough but there was 2 major issues that made it clear peace and co-existence was impossible. 
The name that most people referred to hope by was the Empress! A title which she stated to Minia, when they attacked, and this name was used to refer to Hope during the war period, it was simply the name she had, and it was earned as my saw. Now Elorah had a complex, she saw herself as the epitome of her people. She was their leader, their queen. The one who stood above them. She revealed in this and now hearing her people, call another person, another waman by the title Empress was in all rights a slap in the face to her, as Pino her granddaughter would inform Elorah of this name they called her. It made her blood boil, as Pino added to the raging fire, more fuel as she would state how Hope took over and all she did as they were gone. Even now in the city of Sophioterra, all the Spirits still referred to her by that name. Now Pino wanted Hope to die, she hated her in all her entirety. And she installed the idea on Elorah, to publicly put Hope in her place. A suggestion she would take and use to publicly challenge Hope to a fight! She wanted to remind all the Spirits who was truly at the top, and who they should truly worship and follow. A challenge Hope would refuse outright as she stated: “I have nothing to prove, and this does not serve the Spirts or Orians at all, a refusal that only made her feel even more enraged. 

At the same time, Azen made a more direct move, he was known to the people as the Ultimate Beast, the untameable beast! That title he was very very proud of, but now there was some discourse as a simply question which spread landed at his ears as all the Alma would discuss in their best attempt of secracy ask: “Who would win, the Ultimate beast or the Apex Predator?” It was a simply rumour as many Alma would weigh in as most would claim Azen would win, he had stood as the peak for centuries, he was unbeatable. Many stated, but others added: “But he had never fought Zoe!” Now this statement was added with the simply fact that Zoe had built a reputation from her time in the Mana Academy, as the one who had killing hundreds of her opponents. She was unbeatable and in the war, there was no main combat that she failed at, all who crossed her would fall. A fact of the war, as now a debate would start among the people, a debate which Azen heard of them Evin(Son of Duki and Droom). Even he stated he heard t from the people and how he stated Azen would win. Now Azen took great offence in the simple fact that there was even a small percentage of his own people who assumed he could even lose... him he who had never lost, as he touched his scar, he had something to prove, not just to the people but to himself that he was still the true peak of all the Alma. And he would do so by forcing Arai not asking her to a fight as the Grand sacrificial war festival came near, one that was postponed as due to the war, in this moment Azen would ask to speak to Zoe, and as Assa came as a messenger would be captured and used to lure and force her to come and fight her, this was something he told he told directly to Elorah as she also used a scheme to capture Dio and some Human-Spirit and use them as leverage as now both Hope and Zoe would be forced to fight. They made it a massive spectacle indeed. Now it was set that both battles would take place a month from then as Elorah and Azen wanted to ensure they were at 100% of their full strength and their injuries wouldn’t get in the way!

Now Niro would call Arai over who came with Aliya, to the palace and home of the Vane clan. He was starting to truly see Arai as the successful child he never had. She in all rights never failed him, and after all she had done, and also her words to Azen and Elorah on the supremacy of the Ascen and how she stated that his ancestor Aevum was right. Now Niro as all of the Vane saw Aevum as the peak of all leaders, his very name was held in high regard and Niro saw him as a true leaders, the man who built the Ascen to rival the Alma and Spirts through pure hard work and magic. Now he called Arai over as he would take her and Aliya accompanied by Dunk and Axola to his throne room. As the 5 of them were in the throne room, Axola looked uncomfortable having Arai there as Dunk as well noted to Niro before even coming that he wasn’t sure showing Arai his true work was a good idea as he knew very well how her mindset was like. He saw how people around her acted, and he also knew of the title of Goddess that the Ascen under her referred to in open-‘secret’. He didn’t like Arai in reality, he saw her as a dangerous element, but he couldn’t deny her ability and skill, she was truly a one of a kind genius, a woman of unmatched skill, one whom he stated even though he hated to even think it, noted how Arai could even be on the same level as the first sage of magic Arke, Arai skill with Arts was on a different scale. 
Now Dunk knew of this as he was close with Suu, the ‘dead’ grandmaster, and he would often get into from him about her. Still this made him uncomfortable as also he hated the idea that she would in all rights take over the research and work he was doing, and he hated the idea of her doing more for it then he ever could. He felt a sense of inferiority when comparing himself to her and that enraged him, the fact he even felt that way, the fact that a woman was better then him, well for a man of the Ascen and of the Vane house, it was to much. A fact Niro noted as he stated to him: “Don’t worry at all, she is perfect!” 

Now for all his flaws Niro didn’t share in the same state or mindset as the other elders and leaders of the Ascen. To him, whether Arai was a woman or man was irrelevant, as all that mattered were results to him. He took the principle of Aevum to its letter, to see power and not people, to strive for absolution and perfection. To never use a power that was not yours from the start. As they all stood in the room Niro addressed Arai as he stood before her: “Arai, I will be frank and direct, I want your to marry Axola and to take be part of the Vane household!” That statement caught all of them by surprise as Axola smiled, she smiled as he looked at Arai with the eyes of a man who just got all he wanted. While Dunk simply stared in confusion, now Arai stood silent for a moment as she asked: “I beat Axola for the simply sake of getting my sister and not being his bride so I must admit this is a strange requests to make me…” 
“You misunderstand me Arai!” He spoke, interrupting Arai as he added: “You will simply marry him for the name and title. I wish for you Arai to be the next leader of the Ascen, I want you to be my successor!” Those words killed the smile on Axola face as Dunk screamed out in shock at that statement, as Niro noted: “Axola was the now who would bare the throne, he was the shadow of Aevum, the next King, but he lost to you Arai, and when one who bares the title of Shadow loses, that name is passed over to the one who beat them…” Dunk responded with hesitation and shock: “Yes, but that only applies to those of the Vane household and name, Arai is not the Vane household my lord.” As Niro noted: “No this was never about whether someone was of the Vane name or not, I have never lost, no once when I was growing up. I killed my older brother and took the title of shadow of Aevum from him. Many of my siblings tried to take it from me, and failed, and many more from the Nexal and Ardent clan also challenged, and lost to me! The title belongs to the one who is the best fit for it, and Arai defeated Axola, and gained the title, she now holds it, and thus she is the one who shall be my successor. You Arai will be the next leader of the Ascen. You will take the name Vane and be the first ever Queen of the Ascen and the Orians!” 
There was a moment of pure silence as Axola just stared blankly, he couldn’t speak as Dunk clenched his first in anger, as he accepted it, he had no choice. Arai looked dumbfounded as she looked on with Aliya who in truth was so shocked that she was now simply holding her breath on the edge simply awaiting for Arai’s words. 
In a single motion she knelt down on her knee and lowered her head towards Niro: “If that is your will, and you claim I am worthy then I Arai will be honoured to be your daughter, and to sit on the same throne and bare the same title as our lord Aevum, all I can hope for is to be worthy and prove that you are wise and right to make me your successor, my lord!” Niro smiled as he extended his right hand to Arai as she looked up and grabbed it, he pulled her up as he looked her in the eyes: “Please you may call me father, Arai Vane!” Arai smiled and blushed slightly as Niro stated to Dunk: “Begin the preparations and let it be known to all.” As Dunk bowed and accepted and left, in a moment Axola moved as thought to object but he paused as he and Aliya looked in shock as the smiling face of Niro. For Aliya it was a terrifying sight to behold, but for Axola, it was proof, that his father truth never respected him, as that was the first time he saw his father smile with pride, a smile that sent shivers down his spine. 

Now as the announcement was sent out, there nothing but uproar all around Orians. It was decided by Niro that the wedding ceremony would take place in 6 month from then, it would be the same day that Azen would fight Zoe and Hope would fight Elorah. Niro decided to make it a truly special day. A day to be celebrate with a full display of the battle between them. 
Now Arai would meet with Hope, Zoe and the others, as they would discuss it all. It was a shock to them as Hope said: “I’m shocked, I mean you do realise you will be the supreme leader of the Ascen right, not just them, but all of Orians…” The acceptance of that fact was shocking as even more, it was earth shattering, As Zoe added: “Arai Vane, the first ever woman to lead the Ascen… That truly is amazing to say the least.” It was amazing indeed as Arai smiled simply thinking about it, she couldn’t help it, it was in all rights the ultimate positions, it was absolute recondition as she looked at Hope and Zoe with that smile: “You both do realise that when you both beat Elorah and Azen, you 2 will be the official leaders of the Alma and Spirits, we three will hold the power to command the whole of the Orians, ever bit of it.” They all smiled as Hope added: “And we have the power to command Irane Kazemi too, the Emperor of Apexia…” There was a short silence but a bit worry as Aliya noted: “I can’t believe you have to marry Axola though and even have his child, even the idea of it all is weird.” She said with a simply uncomfortable face as Arai added: “Well I was simply planing on getting Nina and Axola’s child and simply bring them in, after all I don’t need to have children with him, as long as the next line of children are of Vane blood.” In a moment Leo added: “Well what about Irane Jr. he is in all rights a Vane right?” In a moment Dio added: “I do wonder how Lord Kazemi will react to all this, I mean his mid getting married and all that.” There was a pause as Hope noted: “I think he would be heartbroken to hear his Goddess has been married of, as she laughed at the idea…” Arai added: “Irane doen’t love me, he simply used my understanding of love and learned it to complete the seal. He only obeys as we have his command cores! IN truth we can’t command him, only our cores can, and it is only our core desires that makes him obey. That’s why he built the Empire, as it was truly the desire of Zoe and Hope’s cores, it was to fulfil Hopes desire for power and to protect the Primals of Paradise, Zoe’s desire for a home to have 100 kids and my desire for the sealing of the Arke twins!” That statement was defending as Assa broke through the silence: “But what now, I mean he has fulfilled all your desires, so what’s next? What do your core’s desire now?” 
The three woman looked at each other, as they wondered for a moment, it was impossible to answer, even they weren’t sure what they wanted. In a moment Zoe snapped her fingers as though she figured something out as she called out to Aphexia, she appeared not in her full form, but her transparent-mana form. All looked on as Zoe smiled and asked Aphexia: “Tell me Aph, what is my core desire?” She looked at her in confusion as she tilted her head to the side and then noted: “I don’t know what your core in Irane desires, All I can tell you is that the core within your only desires to evolve and never stop, that’s about it!” Zoe seemed shocked as she noted: “Really, I thought beast and tools were attune to their users core…” As Arai added: “I think you forget that Aphexia, Dima and Crono aren’t linked to our actual cores, their the representation of the command cores within use. They are linked to Irane’s Command cores, the core of the mind, space and body. Not our true cores, his cores.” There was a moment as Dima now appeared from Hope and added: “I think your all focused on the incorrect thing, you seem to forget that you have 2 very very powerful opponents. Azen and Elorah may not be as strong as they were when fully possessed by Vraka and Selis, but they are still very very powerful. And it would be even worse now that Vraka and Selis work for their users now can use the powers of them then we will lose and be killed.” 
There was a sudden shock as Crono appeared now and spoke: “There is nothing to truly fear, when you have the power of the to unleash Kazemi’s Drive.” The three woman took a pause at Crono’s words, they all took a moment as they recalled what occurred last time. The seal and the risk of it breaking came to their mind, that being with Irane’s mind and the fear of it coming out was to much as Zoe added: “We will win without the power of his Drive, we have too…” There was a determine look in her eyes, as Hope noted the same: “We won’t need the drive at all.” Dima and Aphexia stared at each other for a moment as a light laugh came from Crono which caught their attentions as she stated: “Well I don’t look forward to attending your funerals.” Arai looked at Crono with a deep stare as Crono noted: “You can stare at me all you want, we 3 beasts have fought them, and even at 35% of our power, we still couldn’t fully beat them, you will need to at least use 50% our power to even stand a chance!” Aphexia and Dima simply nodded in agreement. As then Crono added: “All I’m saying is that you shouldn’t be scared of using the power you have at all if you truly want to win.” 

Arai pushed Crono off as she stated: “Noted Crono, but they will win, that is the facts, and they can do it without the drive to!” As she raised her glass in the air: “You both will win and be the next leaders o the Orians.” As she raised a glass to them, as they would begin their preparation to a battle of unknown scale. 
In the month to come, Arai would be by Niro’s side, following as he taught her all the in and outs. She would succeeded him after he dies, and all the people now knew it, as many noted this a the start of a new age, while many other noted that nothing will change, this was truly a divided reaction, but there was one simply thing no one could deny, change or no change no one even dared to believe Arai was not worthy, not after all she had accomplished in the years she came back. The prodigy was truly seen as worthy by the people so much so that they simply debated on what her rule would be like, what the age of Arai Vane would bring when Niro stepped down!” 
At the same time Hope and Zoe would practice together under the Vane houses main training location, as thanks to Arai getting them access, it was even more advanced then any other training facility. As Hope would focus on using Temper, while Zoe just used Apexia. They were doing all they could to be as ready as possible. They didn’t want to use the power of the Drive, as simply put, they didn’t want the seal to be put under strain. They were doing all they could with Arai looking and adding her insight on the battle to come. Now Elorah and Azen have been alive for over a thousand years, and in all truth their reputation and their abilities were frankly unknown. The only data she truly had was the power of Vraka and Selis, but now with them in sealed form and under the control of Azen and Elorah, that unknown was what terrified her as she pushed them to be ready for all possible issues, they just had a month and this might now have been enough.

Orians was in an uproar in that month with the people showing more and more interest to it all. There was varying opinions on all the subject. The cities were in an uproar as the months turned to weeks, then to days before it all. Many people who suffered in abuse and hardship found themselves in support of Zoe and Hope, but were not public about it. They saw this as a sign, a change of the times. To many things had occurred for them not to see it as such. Nearly a Millennium of hell was now nearing its end as many stated, while others saw it as simply a stop from the ongoing hell. The people argued and division began to show. The simply fact that many even assumed that Elorah and Azen would lose, well they majority of the people simply laughed at the idea, yet still it was clear that a new age was brewing as the days drew closer and closer. 
Now Arai would spend the next six months not just helping Zoe and Hope prepare, but also as the right hand of Niro as he should her everything about the Vane and the Orians, the forbidden spells that the family had, the archives of knowledge and information. And most of all he taught her to be a leader from his perspective. 
She felt odd about it, his warmth was conditional yes, but so was the love and attention she got from everyone else, her father who never loved her and called her a dud, Suu who should interest in her only for her skill and ability, she knew he was using her, yet she never cared back then, even Minia was the same but Niro, he saw her and treated more like a daughter then any of the man in her life and that worried her, she felt strange as the man who ruled ver the very system that she despised was also the only man who ever should her any fatherly affection and that was fair. She wanted to impress him truly but she also wanted to change everything about the world and he didn’t even hide the fact that he knew as on a cold night he poke with her: 
“I will be fair with you daughter, I know you plan on changing the world for what you see as a better world, do it you have my blessings!” He stated with true pride as his eyes were fixed on her: “You will make the Ascen stronger and you will lead us into a new age, an age where the Ascen are the pinocle of all. I need not look any further then at your own daughter Aliya to know that, to know how you can turn what seems liked an innocent child, into a being of immese skill and talent. The weak Ascen who you took under your wing, and turned into true warriors. You who can turn filth, who can turn even teh weakest of people into gems. I saw it all a long time ago when Ember defeated Nuro when you were children. I knew you taught her and gave her the skills to be able to stand against Nuro, even now as I see her aligned with our enemies, all I can do is marvel at how strong you made her!” Arai was shocked by her words, even more so by the genuine emotions behind them, as he stepped forward and placed his hands on her shoulders, he smiled as he added: 
“Tonga and Suu truly never understood the marvel that you are, the gem that you have become. I have no doubts, none what so ever that Hope and Zoe will defeat ELorah and Azen, for they are your students to. I truly can’t wait to place you on the throne and watch as you elevate us, you Arai, I can’t wait to watch you rule! It is like you were born from his will, Aevum will and dream lives within you, you are the one who shall perfect it, perfect the Ascen of Aevum and bring about the age that he foresaw when he began his rule! You Arai will bare that future and finally bring it about. You are perfect and you will perfect our people. The next generation of Ascen will truly be perfect!” 
Arai was stunned as she paused, she knew of Aevum desire for the Ascen, it was the moto and creed that made the Ascen so powerful despite not have a Tool or Beast, the power of ones core shall transcend all, his creed in the power of the core, and in the power of people who tapped into the power, but there was far more as Niro added: “I know what your thinking but Aevums dream is far greater then anything you could imagine, this world you want to change, go ahead, after all this world that Aevum designed before he died, created perfection, it created you. And you will create perfect world, his people who are the next step in evolution. I am thankful indeed for Tonga, for Suu and for this world made and preserved by the generations of the Vane household of those who wield his blood, as it has resulted in you, you are the dream of Aevum, you are proof that his world, a world not of peace, but of hell breeds perfection. You who were placed in the furnace and instead of breaking, formed into a diamond! Arai Vane, I can’t wait to see it.

He hugged her with pure joy in his face and even kissed her forehead, as he left her in her room in the Vane house, she paused and contemplated on his words, she hated it, the prideful look in his eyes, the expectations he had weren’t simply of a selfish nature but of a dream he believed in, a dream she dispised as she looked on and thought to herself: “As if I would ever bring the dream of that monster to life…” She thought as in a moment Crono spoke up: “Well you have done an incredible job so far in onion.” Arai snapped in moment her: “What are you talking about, I have never…” Crono laughed a bit before she spoke: 
“I think you don’t even comprehend what it is you have done, you yourself know it, Ember, Hope, Zoe, Mira, and now Aliya… All these students of yours, I know their memories, just as you know them too. Ember would never have gained the power and skill she has if it wasn’t for you, Hope and Zoe would never have gone to such levels of power and skill with only Gran and Sith teaching them, even Mira while you were Cai would never have grown to be the person she is now, if you didn’t lie about that child on that battlefield that day in Heaven. And your greatest achievement Aliya, that weak and small little girl would never have become the monster she is today without you.” Arai screamed out: “Shut it, you will not blame me for her, she… no I didn’t make Aliya a monster, not at all, she was always destined for it, and I know what you’ll say about next, claiming that she killed all those millions of people because of me, your wrong, that was Iran’s power, his soul over her!” 
Crono smirked, it was strange as she now pulled Arai into her mind, and burnt all around her: “You know for someone so smart, you really do have a limited perspective on things. I wonder do you really believe it was Irane’s power alone that made her act that way, no, Soul only has the power to channel souls information, she can’t in all rights make someone act as another. The hoards of undead she unleashed, the way she used Valariya and Nevir powers, that wasn’t Orexis unleashed, no it was simply him pushed her to think further and further, he gave her access to the souls and simply pushed her to use them all, it was all her idea, and that mind of hers, was the product of you. The funniest part, is how you refuse to see it, you truly don’t grasp just who you are.” Arai screamed out at Crono: “You think your so clever, and you think you know me so well, your nothing more then a beast in my mind, a creation of Irane’s mind his time core added to me, you don’t know me!” Crono now simply smiled, it was a strange smiled as she noted: 
“You truly can’t see it, see what I am, all three of you have no idea just what we truly are, and where we came from. We are beast of Kazemi indeed, expressions of the cores you wield, if you think Time is my power, then you have no idea indeed!” 

In that moment Arai snapped back into reality, as not even a second had passed, she took a deep breath, as she called out to Crono who didn’t respond, she didn’t reply at all. As Arai wonder what got into her, she never reacted like that, in a moment we See Crono with H.O.T behind her, within Kazemi’s Universe conversing with Dima who had Temper at her base and Aphexia with Mark on floating around her as Dima spoke: 
“I truly do wonder if this is truly the right move?” as Crono added: “They refuse to see it, and so we have no choice, Hope and Zoe will die unless you both stop playing games, they need to see it and understand what exactly they are and what power they truly have and the only way to do that is to accept who they are in their cores!” 
Aphexia sighed deeply as she noted: “I know, but still, I wish there was a better way, the moment they realise what we truly are, than what happens after? Is the truth truly that important?” Crono screeched out in fury: “Make no mistake, this is the will of our father and mother: of Enari and of Iris, we will succeed, in our mission, and we will show them who they are within their cores!” Dima looked dead serious as she spoked: “This is the Choice we have made, and such we will not deviate!” Aphexia sighed: “You both now that I was a Beast of Gaia before Enari and Iris took me in, I made the choice to be, just as Temper made the choice to alter and be a part of you Dima, and I know my new nature, I truly do, and I will never allow Zoe to get hurt! Nothing will ever hurt her the same way twice while I exist, and that is absolute!” 
They all agreed as they moved back to their hosts, as all remark: The Will of Kazemi is absolute!”

As the days passed and the moments came closer Arai would be plagued by dreams of all the people she ever had contact with, she had visions of their lives, of Pandro and of Dokai, or Urial and Valariya, she thought of all the cores Irane used in his seal the cores of those she loved as she saw visions of what their lives and the different futures they might have had if they didn’t see her. The deaths of each of them, their ends in horrific ways, their experimentations, and suffering. She saw it all, of how Pandro would have simply died, of how Mira would have become a broken mess, of Hope and Zoe who she saw simply be used in Minia’s lab, she even starting seeing vision of her sister, as she saw hwoit would have been her taken if she never unlocked her time core power that day of the assault. 
Hope also felt altered as she saw it over and over agains the results of the choices he made, as she felt the lingering regret of the choices she never made, she saw the millions of different paths as though they were like blood vessels and she saw how each lead to new points, she needed to choose as when she did she found herself reliving the death of her mother and the events of Fest. She saw what she considered the results of her mother’s choices, and how emotions brought hem down, the choices Olda noted were wrong, her greatest fear laid bare before her.
Then Zoe simply saw the dead, he brothers her mother’s her father, She saw Sith and their deaths over and over. She saw how the dead all around her, she saw it all. And it tormented her, over and over. Their final moments, the funerals. The death she saw, she saw the fear she had hidden away for years now manifest. She was scared of one simply thing and that was death. She was terrified of death. Not just any death but a death that felt wrong, as her Life/Death-Nature core allowed her to see how unnatural a death was, how they all still had life force and how they never truly should have died, she saw it all, and it haunted her to this day, it was this fear that made her fight, it was Sith words echoing in her mind, Fight and Live, or Lay down and die. That was the facts to her. 
All three would push it aside for the time being and carry on in their preparations, while being plagued over and over and over…




Part 9.2:  Kazemi’s Will!

The day came as the battle was to be the following day, it had been 6 months and the wedding ceremony between Arai and Axola took place, and the first signs of a new aged showed. In marriages with Orians weren’t seen as moments when 2 people confessed their love for one another, no it was a ritual of submissions where one would take the name of their husbands and submit to them. This was what it truly was, the lose of self and the become of someone else object, it was a known ritual. Yet this time it was different, as it was not Arai who submitted, no it was Axola, as he took a knee before Arai and spoke the words that woman had spoken for the last millennium, the words that made woman property, and he spoke them as he look down as Arai’s feet, as he in what can only be stated as the ultimate humiliations, before his very father Niro who only had a smile on his face, he would swear loyalty to Arai, and to be hers as he took her hand, and kissed the ring finger. It was a moment that signed the deal. As Niro not the priest roared out of his chair and stated with pure joy: “Long Live Arai Vane!” As his words echoed, all began to chant it, it became a roaring echo in the streets of the the capital of the Ascen as woman screamed it out with all their hearts and breaths and as the men who felt as though they had no choice but to cheer as their lord Niro did, and also cheered for Arai. A smile crept on her face, as Niro stepped forward and before them all proclaimed Arai as the Shadow of Aevum, the one who would become the next Leader of the Vane house hold after him, his successor to be! It was a historical moment indeed. Arai couldn’t help but reveal in the moment, she couldn’t help herself at all. The ceremony ended as the preparations of the now began for the battles… 

The time came for the battles as Zoe and Hope would meet Arai for the last time before the fights. All three were doing all they could to not let their emotions and thoughts cloud their upcoming battles, Arai noted to them that this wasn’t simply a fight for Elorah and Azen, it was hoe the restored their pride and their place. They weren’t just going to aim for the kill, they would humiliate them both. Now the fights would take place at the same time in the Spirits capital cities, as Zoe would have Assa and Leo by her side, while Hope would go in with Dio and Rui. They were worried and rightfully so, these 2 were monsters, myths of legend and in truth they legends were unexaggerated as Arai noted. They would now go in as Zoe and Hope prepared to enter the Arena’s Arai’s words would ring in their minds: “Don’t even for a second think you can hold back! Give it you all and fight with everything you have. You have one mission and it isn’t survival, it is victory, nothing more and nothing less. Take their lives, so you can keep yours!
Arai would watch from the Vane house hold next to Niro, Axola and Nuro weren’t permitted to be next to their father, as it was just Niro, Dunk, Arai and Aliya. They would watch both battlers simultaneously as the battle were projected all over Orians’s
[Note before the battle: Despite having seen Aphexia and Dima in the possession of Irane during their time with Vraka and Selis, they were very different then now, as Dima was fully golden with red features when she was weirded by Irane and Aphexia was golden with green features, now this would be opposite in feature colours and their mana flows which also contributes to why they won’t be viewed as known by Elorah and Azen immediately.]


Part 9.2.1: Zoe vs Azen

Now Azen was the first to enter the Arena as the Alma screamed out for him, they spread in the Arena in a cresent ark, screaming his name, this was the same as whenever he stepped onto the Arena as he noted to himself: “Ah this feels right, the shacking of the earth, the rumbling of voices chanting my name, this is it!” He stated as she charged his mana and it streamed out throughout the Arena, there was a silence as people felt his intense mana, it was darker and had more power then before, he was clearly a lot stronger as the crowed roared even louder at him. 
Suddenly the crowed grew quiet as the sounds of horns cried out from the edge of the city, in moment there a rumble as more and more sounds cried out. The horns got closer and closer as soon drums started to rumble. The Alma knew that sound well, as it was the drum of war that played before war, before any conflict Zoe was apart of, it was her song, it was her drums but their sounds echoes throughout the city, as the Alma present saw a crowed of Human-Alma, blowing on horns and banging on drums, they all roared like beasts s they walked as though parading. Azen looked on as the crowed all filled the empty sites in the arena but they didn’t stop as Azen watched as Zoe entered with Assa and Rui by her side. She was wearing the hide of a great Apex predator the Orians, a Ligaro, a fierce and terrifying mana monster that was considered to be unstoppable. Zoe walked forward as now she was face to face with Azen. He smiled as she looked at her while she had nothing but a serious expression, she looked fierce with eyes that seemed to be analysing him. They were the eyes of a predator, staring him as though he was prey. He now spoke with the deep joyous voice: 
“I’m sure you’ve heard the stories of me, the ones parents tell to their children, of the arena, I am the undefeated beast of the Alma, the Ultimate monster, all who have entered this arena with me as their foe have never left alive, and you won’t won’t be any different!” His declaration made the whole crowed, the whole city roar as they chanted his name over and over. But Zoe was unfazed as now she remarked: 
“You know that would be intimidation if it was true, but we both know that that’s a lie…” The chanting stopped as the crowd paused to listen to listen to Zoe, they were confused by her words as Azen’s smile also vanished and his his eyes widened in shock as Zoe now smiled: “We both know that there was a man who beat you to submissions and that was Aevum Vane!” There was a steamering of voices as all looked about and wondered what she ment, what was this she was saying, but many simply stared at Azen whose smile was completely gone now. It was replaced by a furious scowl and stare towards Zoe as she added: “I may not be able to claim to be the first to beat the Ultimate beast, but unlike Aevum, I can at the very least, be the one and only person to take the Ultimate Beasts Life…” 

In a moment Azen was right in front of Zoe as he pulled his fist and launched a punch with a roaring pulse of mana. Zoe quickly brought up her hands to guard as he made contact and pushed her back crashing against the wall. The people were shocked as they saw his reaction, it confused them, but Azen simply charged his mana and stated: “I’ll make sure to take my time with you!” Zoe hands were shaking as she felt them trembling for a moment, then she clasped her fists and healed them up, Azen unleashed his mana again and his body seemed to get bigger as his muscles grew in size and definition. His fangs became a dark mass as his mana expelled out: Vraka’s Technique: ‘Beast Mimicry!’ His body mana flowed all over as it took the form of a dark mass from all around his body. The mana took the form of a beasts cloak, as Azen roared, with such intensity that his mana shock through the whole city. He took a step as he again tried to crush Zoe now with all his might he lined up agains this time supported but the shifting mana around his arm as he brought it down on Zoe, who again raised her guard and was forced back, but Azen didn’t stop as he unleashed an endless barrage of punches aimed at Zoe, striking at the wall were she was over and over created a massive wave of dust and earth. As he stopped he moved back to see Zoe who still had her guard up, but her hands were now fully bruised as they were broken and swollen from the blows. Droom noted to Evin who were all watching in the stands with Azura on how this was probably the first time she had seen someone still conscious after taking a barrage from her father: “Last time he did that to me I had broken bones all over my body and I was unconscious…:” She noted as she watched on impressed by Zoe’s resilience noting how she seemed to have bones of steal. 
Zoe finally brought her hands down as she threw up some blood, her hands were unmovable as she seemed to be in immense pain. Azen smiled as he threw one more aimed right at her face, then she moved her head out the way on an instant, then stepped forward and turned, kicking Azen in the chest forcing him back a few feet. He smiled as he didn’t even bother blocking. He smiled at Zoe’s miserable sight. Her arms were dangling down, and she looked in horrible shape, as he moved in an instant to kick her back, she moved to the side to dodge as she started to weave around stepping back at high speed, then as she created distance, Azen simply charged his mana: Vraka’s Magic: “Beast manifestation hunt” As his mana moved on its own and formed into a beast that he launched as a projectile towards Zoe. She was able to dodge it, as she flipped back and it moved behind her, but it step on the ground and redirected itself back at her, as it made contact and exploded in a massive eruption of mana. The blow sent Zoe back as she coughed out blood, in an instant Azen was agains right there as he kicked her in the stomach making her throw up as she was sent flying back. 
He smiled as he noted: “That was good, I felt, the damage of your internal organs should slow you down. Zoe stumbled back. She crashed on the ground but caught herself as she stood back on her legs, in a moment she saw many other mana beasts coming at her, she moved around and ran out of their path, but they kept pursuing her, as now four beasts were on her tail, Azen moved to block her escape, as Zoe simply moved past his jab, but this was his plan as the four beast merged with his other fist surround and merging with it as he turned and threw a punch with all his power, Zoe was in a back positions as the blow landed right into her body send her back against the wall in a massive crack of mana. The crowed looked on, they weren’t shocked, this was the expected outcome as Zoe was against the wall. Azen smiled as he walked slowly towards Zoe’s motionless body, plastered on the wall. She seemed unconscious. He took his sweet time as he screamed out: “Is that it? Is that all the so-called Apex Predator can manage?” Azen noted as she laughed, his laugher prompted many in the arena to join in as he walked as though victory was already his, and he was on his way to claim his prize. As then he lunged forward after a moment aiming to take Zoe’s head, but his hand found nothing but stone as it hit the wall. He looked down as Zoe eyes stared right at him, in a moment she landed as raging left and sent him reeling back. Azen took a second to collect himself as in a moment that shocked even him he felt the taste of his own blood in his mouth. He was in disbelief as he screamed out in anger and sent mana beast at Zoe again but Zoe simply dodged them and moved forward towards Azen’s as she repeated the same move set and dodged the left from Azen, and stood behind him. In a moment he beast return and again gathered around his fist. As she charge it back and threw a right with the beast with all he had and a massive explosion of mana sent a shockwave over the area and caused dust and earth to burst forth. The people were stunned as the look on as the duct settled. Azen’s eyes were wide open in pure disbelief as Zoe’s now green fur covered hand, with claws instead of nails stopped his strike with one hand. Zoe looked at him as pulled his hand back, instantly, shifting his weight and making him stumble forward as she unleashed a punch with all she had: Nature Art: ‘Natural Roar’ as a pulsing burst of energy sent him back to the other side of the Arena. It took the whole Arena in shock as they all gasped in shock. 
As the dust settled Azen threw up blood and gripped in his chest in pure disbelief. He then looked back at Zoe, who to his shock no longer had any injuries, her arms were healed as she flexed them. Her mana was surging forth. 

She looked at him as she manafest Aphexia who roared as Zoe ran right at Azen, he took a breath as h sent his mana beast at Zoe, but in a moment Aphexia appeared and ripped into them turning them into nothing as she launche herself at Azen. He bagan to move as he dodged her first right, but was caught by a knee to his crouch making him take a knee down, in shock, then she her right fist made full contact with his face forcing him rolling back, as he would try to get up as he rolled, but Zoe was on him as she unleashed more of his mana beast, but Aphexia simply appeared again and torn them apart, then Zoe moved in, they both seemed to start dancing around each other. As they moved and threw punches at each other and dodged and parried them all. This was no a fight as both threw nothing but haymakers at each other. The crowd was in awe. Then Azen simply pulled his hand back as he put all his mana and energy around his crawls: Vraka’s Art: Wrathful Claws’ his hands and feet now where harder then ever and sharper as he tried to rip down on Zoe, who dodge, the force of his mana left marks all over the earth where his mana landed, Zoe didn’t stop as she simply charge her own claws: Beasts Magic: ‘Elemental beast fury’ mana erupted forth from Zoe’s claws too and as she moved in at Azen’s open left side and in a downward swiping motion cut into Azen’s side. As Azen cried out in pain, he looked at Zoe as he placed all the mana he had on his other hand and prepared to impale Zoe, as he made contact, but to his shock it Aphexia who appeared and his hands claws didn’t even pierce the beast at all, as her mana-skin repealed his hand, then Zoe raged forward: 
“Beasts Art: Elemental Rampage’ As a stream of energy erupted form her and she landed blow after blow after blow. Azen was in a horrible stop, as he unleashed all his mana to try and push Zoe away and create distance. As Zoe moved back, she merged with Aphexia and took her full demon form now, as she roared and her elemental Rampage’s power was now on a different scale of power as Azen also charge his Beast power through. Azen and Zoe where now landing blow after blow blow in each other as the crowd looked on and cheered, they lost themself in the pure spectacle of it all, in the fight. Azura looked on though as he and Droom didn’t cheer, in fact that looked horrified, while Assa and Leo smiled, as they were noticed that every strike that Azen landed on Zoe, was in fact doing no damage to her at all. While every strike Zoe landed made Azen bleed, but still he pushed on as he cried out in his realised in his mind, that Zoe in fact was in all rights immune to his mana’s damage. Then Zoe started to truly show that she was in charge as she moved to the side and swung her tail right into Azen’s stomach lifting him from the ground, then she pulled her right hand back and pulled every single pit of her mana to that point, as the energy from her mana roared forth and crashed right into Azen’s chest sending a massive shockwave all over the arena causing an exposing rage all over. 
Zoe was taking heavy and deep breaths as Azen was now in a crator on the ground… 
He opened his eyes as a memories came forth, the memory of the last time he was on the ground in this arena, over 1000 years ago, as Aevum had beaten him. There were no witnesses that day to see is defeat but now there was, as he clenched his fist in rage, his rage as he remembered the face of Irane’s armoured face, as the scar across his chest ached. 
He was furious as he then tapped deep within himself: “I really didn’t want to use you today, I wanted to unleash you when I met the Emperor again… well nows a good a time as ever don’t you think beast?” 

Zoe took a moment as she prepared to launch her final strike her a massive eruption of mana raged from the crater Azen was in, the a massive beast claw forced her back, he took damage from it as her left arm was bleeding with claw shapped wounds leaked blood on her arm. The Alma in the Arena felt a terrifying chill as they fell their very beast reacting now. But the ones who felt it the most was the Human-Alma who were all trebling in pure fear, Zoe looked on as Aphexia noted: “It seems we couldn’t get the job down quick enough… Get ready Zoe, as now we face a broken Beast-God!” She said as Zoe clenched her fist in worry. 
Vraka manifested as a massive six legged monster with the shifting face of a Bear, Bird, Lion, Wolf, shark, wale and more, his very body was made of fur, features and scales. He was a black beast as she very body radiated mana of in truth truly vicious nature. As the Alma all bowed in awe and reverence, as many now would bare witness to their God, many started to pray, in true awe, but the human-alma only stared in pure fear, anger and hatred at the beast. Now Zoe eyes widened as she noticed a golden collar around Vraka’s’ neck with golden chains all over this body as though binding him, and a massive golden line from his 3 eyes on the left side of his from flowing back on his neck, and body, to his right leg, the same scare as Azen. 
Zoe smiled as she asked: “I see your brought the Emperor’s discarded pet to play!” That statement was met with a roar from Vraka who now only roared in pure rage, rage and anger at those words he looked at down at Zoe as Azen stepped forward from under him, his mana was streaming from his body as it flowed to the chains. In a moment Azen looked up and Asked Vraka: “Well, do you like it, fresh air? Don’t get use to it, imma put you back in your cage once im done with you!” Only Zoe heard his words, as Vraka looked down at him in pure anger but but the chains seemed to force Vraka to submit and get in line, as she roared out, he merged with Azen as now Azen took the form her had when Vraka was controlling his body, but now he was in charge as his mana seemed to crack the very word, building crumbled and someone people in the arena fainted and passed out at the simply sensation of the Azen’s mana. Zoe looked on in pure fear as Aphexia added: “Well damn, A part of me was hoping Dima was execrating when she described this monster and his power, but this is clearly far different, his core was near level 8 but it was more contained as in this form, it worried Aphexia indeed!
Zoe asked directly and plainly: “Aphexia, we’re about to die aren’t we?” Aphexia didn’t even try to hide the facts from her: “Indeed we are, it was a good life and an honour to be your beast Zoe Navar. Do you have any regreets?” Zoe smiled coldly: “The only regret I have, was never having any children…” in that moment she paused as the image of Dokai passed her mind as she added: “Actually, I have no regrets!” 

In a moment Azen as his new hands released so much force and his mana felt truly alive as Zoe seemed to accept the death before her she heard a voice in her very. Core: “Don’t Give Up!” As in an instant her spear manifested which she used to block the initial blow from Azen, the spear was held in both hands as she pulled back in shock. She realised a terrifying moment that his mana was now not in a constant state, it was changing to a different nature and state, her evolutions ability could no longer work well, as she was sent flying with so much force that she went right through the arena wall into the city, Azen gave chase as he unleashed a new mana beast in this form as it chased after Zoe, she gathered herself as she noticed the monster coming for her as she ran now, trying to get out of the city as fast as possible, she made to the edge as the beast was on her lunging to kill her, but Aphexia manifested and pulled the mana beast down, and Zoe used pierced the beast right in the head stopping the mana, but as her spear faced down, Azen appeared instantly as he stated: “I know how your adaption works, it won’t work anymore, I will alter and change my mana per strike so you never adapt! As he then prepared a sphere of mana within his right arm: “Vraka’s Art: Mana Piraña” As a school of piraña rippled in the orb each. Different mana nature, as he plunged it onto Zoe who used her spear in an attempt to stop them but they were endless, it was to much as Azen screamed out: “Now be consumed and die!” As each of then started to latch onto Zoe and explode with so much force that is destroyed the south section of the city. And created a smoke cloud Hundred of meters up, as Zoe was forced onto the face of a mountain. Her spear was broken as she held a broken weapon in her hand, and her very body was in ruin, as there was nothing. She laid there with flesh exposed and protruding bone, she was on the verge of death, no she was dying indeed as Azen laughed. Zoe looked up at the sky one last time, as she struggled to breath, she could feel anything anymore, she had taken to much damage and her body simply couldn’t move anymore, she couldn’t even move her fingers… She looked up as she wondered what her death would be like. She thought back to the day her mother died, to how her very life force burnt up at once, as she was laying there staring she closed her eyes as she looked within her self, to her very core so to see, her own death as she took her final breath out… 
Azen looked on in pure joy as he annoyed: “And with that Zoe Navar has died!” There was screaming now as the people still in shock screamed out to Azen as he won. Assa and Leo alongside the other humans simply fell silent at the sight of their dead leader, Assa simply cried out, as tears fell, Leo leaned in and embraced her trying to hold his own feelings and sadness at bay, failing as tears fell down silently down his face. Azura and Droom looked at each other with relief as they noted how that seemed really close for a moment.  

Zoe Navar was dead…
Zoe seemed to sink deep into her own core as she tried to see her life force one last time but in a moment she was back in at the seat, where Z mother was serving food, she seemed shock to be here agains as she wondered what was going on, in a moment she looked on at the transparent face of the woman, her body seemed to be fading as she looked down, it wasn’t the same meal Irane was eating, rather is the food her own mother use to make her, the food that she cook back then, the simple sandwitch as the woman asked: “Did you give?” As tears fell down her face she replied with a heartbroken voice, “no… I gave it my all!” The waman’s features were hard to make out as she smiled: “Good! Then it’s time to do die Zoe Navar!” The being hugged her as she embraced her Zoe reopened her mind as she was now in a forest. 
She was confused as she looked around her, as in that instant, she sensed the trillions of living being in the world of nature, she was in Kazemi’s Biom, In Enari’s domain, as she in an instant felt the life and deaths of the billions of beast, she saw them all as many were born, while others were killed. She felt the savage primal nature around, but she noticed that it was different as life ended, and carried on, the energy of life force and death force simply moved around as it became a part of the nature around, the plants, the bacteria. She felt the trillion so of trillions of beings living and dying. As she looked around, all she noticed that the world was saturated with her mana, no her very life force was all around her. It was an impossible moment. She senses it all around her, it was overwhelming and it was to much to understand. The very world seemed to pass within her as in an instant she looked at what’s seemed to be the core of the world, it was her actual core, pulsing and flowing throughout the world. 
“It’s beautiful isn’t it? The cycle of life I mean!” As a deep beastly voice spoke to her as she turned to see Enari in all his glory right behind her… She looked amazing as now he was in his true form, and she should tell how impossible immense he was and how his very mana seemed endless, no his mana was also mixed in and all around as she she looked on and wondered: “What is this? Where am I?” Enari simply smiled and turned his head as though confused by her statement: “Where are we? Come now, even you should be able to tell, that we are within the world your core created! This is your world, every being exists here comes from you, this biom was a product of your mana, what do you think of the world you made with 88 millions years? Is it everything you could have ever wanted” 
Zoe was stunned, she could still sense it, all the creatures around her, they were different from the normal beasts and creatures she new, they were all so far evolved and altered with mana, as she wondered: “Is this really my world?” Enari starred at Zoe as he asked: “Seriously, what exactly is the power of your core again?” Zoe took a moment: “Evolution…” Enari leaned closer to Zoe, You three truly don’t understand your own cores indeed… It is truly a sad sight to behold.” 
Zoe agin called out to Enari, she showed more rage and annoyance at his cryptic words: “Would you just explain what this is?” 
Enari replied: “You know what this is, this is your power, your core, your mana. This is what made Irane Kazemi who he is…” Zoe was even more confused as Enari added “Don’t Give Up?” Evolve, as you made Irane Evolve, it wasn’t Arai of Hope who gave Z the power to forget who he was, it was you, who made him evolve death after death, after death, you gave him his desire to evolve and achieve his goal. This world is a result of you and your cores influence, you mana’s influence indeed!” Zoe took a breath as she was forced back, to see it the very first command: “Forget yourself: Ziphora!” Z first ever command, as she saw how her evolutionary nature moved and made him forget, it evolved him at the point of death, destroying the memory. 

Enari leaned forward as he roared: “Consider this, the truth Zoe, evolution never takes place in the current version of a being, evolution, carries over to the next generation, the next iteration. Look around you and don’t avoid the facts! Kill of be killed, adapt or die, discard what you no longer need, what hold you back and keep all that is useful. Evolution spreads to the new, not the old!” As he said that, Zoe felt the nature all around her as she saw all the beasts and being al around her, she felt them eating and taking energy from plants, then she saw those beasts fight and be killed, then those who killed also died and were eaten as they returned to the soil. The the planet reabsorbs them, the cycle of life, but more then that, she saw how the creatures denied that and spread their seeds and offspring, she saw new life emerge from the dead, she saw how the world would change the creatures would change, as Enari added: “The brutality of your Nature, truly is something else Zoe!” 
The Zoe felt it, beyond this world, as she felt the deaths of Z, she felt how he died over and over and over and came back better, altered, she saw his very form alter, as Enari added: “Yes, you finally see it, the effect of your core!” In that instant Zoe felt a surge as Enari laughed, the mana all around her pulsed forth as she felt her very core, no the very world tremble before her. 

Zoe Was being consumed by the mana in the world, as though she was re-experincing it all, she felt the cells of Irane, each of them, die and be remade, the cycle within him. As it showed the nature within him, her nature within him, making him evolve As Ze was attune to it all, to the feeling beyond, it, the trillions of deaths of his cells, reborn and diying, changing and evolving based on the conditions around them, but she noticed the extreme chang occured after each death, as new one appeared, every time adding on to the old, changing him. 
The she get it even deeper, as though she was the one being changed no she was the change itself, as she looked and saw Dokai who was now a lot older, she was about 6 years old now, as she saw her, Dokai looked at Zoe with a smile as she pulsed her mana forth, Zoe noticed the deaths, no she was death indeed as seemed to be moving around his body, killing his very cells, she was death in this world, of her, as Zoe leaned in to hug her, she noticed her blade pierce her very heart as she stated: “Its time to die, Zoe Naval!” Enari roared as his mana surged throughput, in a moment his voice broke through it all as Zoe felt his very mana consume her completely as he roared out, Live Zoe Kazemi” As she felt his mana pulse all around her world as she saw Dokia’s blade kill her old self, as 
As Azen was still laughing as the city cheered on Zoe’s finger twitched onto the the remains of her spear, as in a sudden moment, mana roared forth from her body in a violent explosion and eruption of pure mana, as Zoe’s voice cried out. The people in the city all looked on in confusion as Assa and Leo, with the other Human-Alma stared on in Awe at the sight and sensation of her cores power. She was radiating mana, as Azen looked on in pure disbelief: “Impossible, your heart stopped, your life force was gone! Why are you alive?” But all that responded was the cry oaf Zoe, whose eyes were pierce gold, and her mana enveloped her, The core raged forth as the Drive was pushed to its max within her. Her screams of agony turned into a roaring cry. The command core, no… Irane’s evolution core was now fully active as Zoe body repaired itself, and altered. Azen screamed out again, but this time he saw the face, the face of Aphexia, as she roared forth. 
Zoe’s mana was overflowing and enveloping her complexly, it was her mana, no this was different, this mana surging from the command core was her mana altered and purified and enhance within the 88 million years Z used it. It was on a different scale, a scale she didn’t even have words for, as she went further within the power. 

Her very body was back, but she was different as the golden streak in her hair glowed a radiant colour, but her mana was even greater, as she was reborn, the core altered her old form, destroying her old cells and making new ones, from the mana, she her eyes were fixed on Azen, the spare remade itself, but it also was different, as now it design seemed almost perfected, the spear tip split to 2 point, as Zoe;s mana created the merger point now. She stared at Azen as Aphexia assumed their ultimate form, their tue form as she roared, and the beast now was a fully fledged beast similar in design to Vraka, but instead of Black, she was a radiating Nature Green, and she had no chains, but she had had sections on her body with Golden lines and streaks all over, Aria was the same as her hair radiated with the green mana, and her form seemed even more direct, all aspects of her were now differ. 
Arai looked on in disbelief at the sight, but none felt more fear then Axola went to his knees in pure disbelief as he with Tenza and felt a tremendous amount of fear, a sensation they hadn’t felt since their last time they saw Mira Ardent, this was the same to them, as he form didn’t resemble her, but the sensation of her mana, her force and aura, it all felt similar indeed
Azen, as he noted, how her mana now reminded him of Irane, no… not Irane, it reminded him of the beast of Kazemi, it reminded him of Enari…
Axola looked on in fear indeed, as he was reminded of the horrifying sight of Irane and Mira killing all of his men, as that moment pulsed, as Nuro looked at his brother who was now trebling in pure fear, 

Azen looked on as he remembered that Dragon, he looked at her new form and just felt it, but soon, he felt a surge of power from his very core, as Vraka unleashed it, he felt it, his animosity, his rage. Azen realised in that moment that it wasn’t him who sensed enari within Zoe, no it was him as Vraka mana pulsed forth a simple question streamed forward as Azen noticed it, he looked at Aphexia and realised in cold horror: “You who is your creator, who made you!” He screamed it out unable to hold back, Zoe’s mana was pulsing as it formed deeply at Aphexia’s form was set and roaring now, streaming the mana forth. 
Her roar, enraged him as he plunged right into Zoe’s as he attemped to end her completely, his mana was on a different level, but he was stopped mid strike as Zoe gripped his hand looked at him, this eyes looked right at him, again the stare of predator loomed over her as swung her spear, now looked like a hunter’s, too the spear now was complete different, and it seems almost a part of Zoe, as she called on it now: Panthera, the ultimate weapon as she swung it around and it made a shallow cut on his arm as he jumped back. The cut burned him, it felt wrong as though that very cut was his end. Zoe didn’t seem conscious anymore, no it was more accurate to say nothing remained that was in all rights human in her nature. 
She bared her fangs forth and leaned slightly forward, her eyes fixed on the Azen. He felt a chill run down his spine, but it was pushed away but the raging mana from Vraka, he screamed out at him to end her: “Kill her, we need to kill her, her mana is similar to his, just like how my 3 great beast, that one is his, she is one of his great monsters she was his…” Vraka words were made even more striking to Azen as more if his power leaked forward. He looked on at Zoe, who simply glared at him, her eyes fixed on him, now he moved in as he charged his mana: “You dare to think yourself my equal, I will put you down animal!” He stated as he moved in: Vraka’s Art: Ascended Beast Amalgamation” In a moment three different mana types pulsed for his body, Space, Time and Life/Death mana poured forth, all three sent the surrounded around them affecting them different on all state: The Time mana seemed to slow all things around Azen’s body, as it leaked forth from his sense, while the space mana streamed to his claws, his hand and feet now had mana to cut through all things, they could rip through space itself, The the Life/Death mana pure through the rest of his body, reinforcing it, healing and strength his very form. In a moment he charged out even more, he was on a different scale as now his core was of level 9. The very sensation of his mana was felt throughout the city, the whole area felt it as it made the Alma stare with Awe, but Assa and Leo noted that something was wrong, Zoe wasn’t acting as her normal self, they had seen her fight so many times at this point, but now she simply gave a different Aura, they looked at her while all she did was look on at Azen with no reaction to his mana flowing through.

He launched himself at her, each step create quacks all over the place, as he prepared to strike right at Zoe, he made set up all his mana and looked on, ready for any move, anticipating with his sense as he sent his sense a moment forward with time, he was roared as he sensed the impact before it even occurred… Zoe didn’t move as he made contact with her directly but in moment he looked up as Zoe simple gripped tightly on his hand with hers. He was in pure disbelief as the mana around his hand should have made it impossible for anything to touch him, but she gripped hard as again pulled on him, he looked up as her spear started to fall, he pulled his hand back and he step away as quickly as possible, but Zoe was on him as she grabbed her falling spear and swung it behind her with full force in an attempt to cut his head of, as he pulled back all he felt was fear as the edge, the very tip of the spear grazed his neck. He was now parallel to the ground as Zoe pushed of the earth from her trailing leg as in an instant she was right above him, she simply stared at him with no emotions but the intense stare of a beast in pure focus, hunting her prey, as pulled his leg and planted his tail into the earth to stop him from moving forward, as he unleashed his mana to her left leg and wing it to kick her in the face. The blow landed send a hug shockwave out, but no one celebrated as Azen screamed out, in a moment he crowed reacted in shock and worry as they saw his foot being bitten into by Zoe’s sharp fangs. His space mana seemed pointless in this moment as he screamed out and tried to pull back, but she didn’t let go, no instead she stepped down and pulled him up unbalancing him, as she prepared to impale him with Panthera, he accessed the treat as all his senses screamed at him, warning him of the danger, as like a trapped beast, he made the move and ripped his own foot to escape and dodge the strike as it cut on the side of his chest. 
He took a deep breath as he moved back, his leg was bleeding badly as he simply healed it with life force. He took a step only to feel pain once again as he looked down and noticed that his new foot still had the injury from Zoe’s fangs bitting into him. He was still in pain as he noted: “That’s impossible, why is the wound on my new foot? This make no sense none whatsoever.” As he thought and looked at Zoe who now was took his leg and was eating it, bit by bit. The sight was truly terrifying as all looked on in horror, the screams in the arena pulling closer at Zoe, her face dripping with the blood from his foot as she threw the foot down, and stared at Azen. He looked horrified as now he truly understood, he was prey to her, nothing more then a being she could devour and feast upon. 
He pulled back as he assessed the situation. Zoe showed no emotion as she simply walked forward circling around Azen, as though she was stocking her prey, as she pointed her spear towards Azen, no it was pointed to his right hand as she lunged at him, her speed was insane, but Azen took a moment as struck the very earth sending massive section of it to the air, as he moved up in-between the rocks launching upwards to the sky. He moved around as he used his next art: Beast Art: ‘Parthenogenesis’ As in a moment a lump pop from his body, and it started to form into a clone of him, as they both moved into opposite direction, to try and hide from Zoe and ambush her. He hide his mana as the clone charged his to confuse her, the massive rocks worked perfectly as camouflage he assumed as he concentrated all mana internally: “Beast Art: Bottomless Gut” As he used dark and Space mana and formed the bottomless pit of the biggest beast he knew. His mana flowed within him as it concentrated within his body as he charged mana, soon it would have enough power to obliterate all within sight, the power dense and she would even know it as he smiled at the idea, the moment of her death as he noted. He saw her running after his clone as he prepared to end her. 
The clone moved higher and higher to ensure she wouldn’t be able to hind behind any cover as he prepared to insnare her with ‘Beast Magic: Black-Arachnid Sneer’ A spell of darkness magic, that prevents an object from moving away from a trap of spider webs, now the clone places this on his body as Zoe appeared and grabbed him in the throat with one hand, and his right hand with her other, while slamming him into a rock side and pressed her foot on his left leg, the clone smiled as now she was in all rights trapped, then Azen popped out from behind another rock, as he fired the concentrated pulse of mana he condensed within, as a blinding stream of light ripped through and rended ever stone to liquid lava form, it was unstoppable bean that would destroy all within its path and Zoe and the clone were next, as the clone smiled and laughed at their victory, only to see Panthera held by Zoe’s free tail as Zoe launched the spear with full force as the tip made contact with the beam, and in a moment cut through it as thought a hot blade parting butter from its path, the clone joyous laugher ended as Zoe looked on at the original, it was then as he realised, Zoe eyes were always fixed on the original and never him as he screamed to the real version Zoe simply ripped his throat apart. 
Azen looked on in pure shock as he dodged the spear, it cut his ear as it passed right past his right side, then he looked back at Zoe who’s had the clones ripped out throat in her hand, blood polled all around him. Then the rock he was on broke from below as a hand grabbed his throat, then another another appeared and grabbed his left arm, It was a clone of Zoe, she had used the same art it seemed as he looked at her beastly face right at him, then in an instant Panthera moved clearly through taking his arm from the armpit and severing it, as he looked back in horror as a third clone had caught and threw the spear back. Zoe caught it as Azen screamed out in pain, then used his mana to force Zoe’s hand chocking his neck of and pushed her hack with his tail and moved to a different rock. He took a knee as  he looked around him. He tried to heal only for nothing to happen, he was losing more and more blood by the second as Azen screamed out in panic and desperation: “Heal, heal damnit, Heal!” The would didn’t close, and it wasn’t healing, he lost more blood as he immediately used flame mana to burn his would closed, he took multiple deep and heavy breaths as his face winced in pain. He then gathered himself as he looked around him, as he was surrounded. The clone with his arm throw it back to the original we took a few bites from it, then threw it away like a piece of trash. He looked around him as he realised he was surrounded. Zoe looked down at him and that stare brought him low, this was the lowest he had ever felt. As he plummeted downwards, and used earth magic to created a dust cloud hoping to hide his position, the he used: Beast Technique: Predators hunter’ To scan fro Zoe’s scent and mana, but he soon realised as many blows hit him over and over… on all sides, he couldn’t detect her mana at all. He was blind to her, and the dust just made it harder to see her. His spell had backfired as he switched to using subsonic to look at distortion of his surrounding, thence saw a clones and used mana to create a new right arm, of pure energy and grabbed the 2 clones slamming them to the ground. But as they crashed, they exploded, disrupting his mana as Panthera landed and cut on his right leg, and Zoe fell down into the explosion. Azen was in shock as was sent tumbling down and back. This was in reality the worst possible situation. As he looked on at Zoe who was now walking towards him, as he looked on he felt her as though she was stalking him. This sensation, this moment he felt it pure fear, he had never felt like this, like a rabbit being hundred by a fox. He was prey and in this situation, there was nothing he could think of to take her down, his missing arm and multiple injuries made on thing clear, Zoe was his natural Predator and what made it worse was the lack of speech. Aevum at least spoke as he beat him, Zoe simply looked at him, her eyes never left him. She was hunting and her prey would not get away from her, as Azen ran, he ran back to the city as fast as he could as Zoe simply walked, she didn’t chase, she didn’t need to, there was no were he could go that she wouldn’t find him. 

As Azen entered the city, the Alma in the street watching in shock as their leader ran through them, he ran with fear smeared on his face, and the Alma in the Arena simply stared in shock, as Azen heard the voice of Vraka: “Really, your running, and you have the audacity to call me weak, look at you…” Azen screamed out at Vraka’s words within his mind: “Shut up!” She said as the Alma looked on as though he was losing it, in a moment he looked around as he saw it, the people looking at him, for the first time, his people weren’t looking at him in reverence  but instead in pity and concern. Vraka added: “So this is the legendary Ultimate Beast what a joke!” Azen stopped as he bite on his lip, and stared up, he looked all around him as he finally regained his composure, no he would not lose as he noted: “ She must have adapted to my mana again, even though I updated it with a different state with each move and strike… So I will use more of it, I will go all out.” In a moment energy surged forth from his eyes, and his voice echoed to all the Alma in the City, all of them heard it: “Here and now, I order you all, as my beast, as my Alma to give me all your power, give it to me!” Vraka tried to force it but the chains Around Vraka stopped him from being able to force control them, he needed their consent, as many Alma wondered if this was okay, as the human-Alma didn’t even entertain the idea, no they would not be sued like that again, while many of the other Alma joined and obeyed, they obeyed as they didn’t know any better as in a moment those who chose to agree, felt their very cores pulsing, as it connected to Azen, they felt it, as thought they had no control. More and more of their powers flowed as they connected to him, and what they felt would haunt them as they felt Azen’s desperation, and fear. They saw what he felt, and they couldn’t stop connecting. They all connected to him and felt this pain and anger. It was to much as their so called legend seemed like a scared child, but his fear pulsed all over, then all the mana moved to him as he charged with it all, in a moment his mana covered the city like a black fog, in a moment Droom agreed and gave control over, as well as Evin, but Azura didn’t he could. But the was enough for him as the millions of Alma who agreed still gave him more then enough power. The city was enveloped as Azura looked on and realised what his father was planning, he was going to kill them all, every one of them, with the power he was gathering, all would die in the blast as he started to tremble in pure fear. He knew running was pointless, he would get far enough away, Assa and Leo also realised this as Leo froze in fear, he couldn’t move at all, it was to much. But Assa wouldn’t stop, no as the city screamed out in fear, as the Alma connected to Azen screamed out in anguish Azen’s voice echoed forth: “I will no lose, I would sooner rather die and take you all with me, then lose!” As he charge, the Alma connected to him, in that moment saw the truth of their leader, as they saw some of his buried thoughts and opinions, they saw his battles with Aevum from his perspective, not completely but enough to see the coward Azen pleading for his life, it was humbling. 

The city building started to crumble and the streets crack as Azen charge up: Vraka Ultimate Art: Ragnarok’ He laughed in his insanity as he revealed in it all. There would be no survivors at all. None, as he charged it all. Assa in this moment looked to Zoe would simply stared at him, she was at the edge of the city now as she pulsed her mana to the tip of her spear, her gaze was locked on him. She seemed oblivious to the cries of the people, as though they were irrelevant to her. Assa ran with all she could towards Zoe as she looked all around her, the people screaming as they all cried out in agony, the Human-Alma told her what it was like to be under the control of Vraka and the hell that came with it, but more importantly she looked on at the people all around her, the children, the woman who were screaming, she was an Alma indeed, who was captured, and she fought under Zoe as she believed in life, she was a sensitive child, but all she went through changed her as any world of war would, she was forced to grow up, but she also believed, in the woman she saw as Zoe as the leader who made the Alma better, she watched her fight and the more she did the more she became more enamoured by Zoe, by the woman with the emperors core, but she also loved the people, she was excited to see Zoe win, to see a better future, where more and more people lived. In her very core she wanted to do all she could to protect the people as she slammed into Zoe and pleaded: “Please, I beg of you, please save them, save all the people, they don’t deserve this, no one deserves to die for the sins of their leaders, please Zoe…” in a moment Zoe heard Assa who was crying and pleading with her as she stated: “Please, I would give anything, anything at all to save them.” Zoe voice finally broke out: “Are you willing to put your all into it, your very core on the line to protect them?” The question confused her, as she looked around her, there wasn’t any time for hesitation as she looked at Zoe with teary eyes: “Yes, I am!” Zoe finally looked away as she looked down at Assa and placed her hand on the chest: “Show me, put your all into it and save them!” She said as she seemed to place something within Assa and step back. Assa was confused as she looked around the crumbling city, she heard the cries grow louder and she felt people die as she clenched her fist with resolve. 
She then placed her hand on the ground, as she pulsed her very mana into and unleashed her beast/Tool hybrid: K’sNature. In a moment a massive man tree seemed to grow from that location as Assa pushed on and screamed the tree wasn’t enough, no she wasn’t strong enough as Zoe placed her hand on her back as Assa screamed out: “Put your core into it, tab deeply into your cores desire to save them all, pour it deep as when you do, Kazemi’s Will will give you power based on how much of your core you put into this.” As she said that Assa felt it deeply into her core as she cried out, I’m not strong enough, I can’t do it!” In that moment Zoe stated: “No… you aren’t as you are, you simply need to evolve and truly tap into your core!” In a moment Assa felt her heart stop and all the lights died out as she died in that moment, Zoe’s mana now flowed into her as she asked: “Will you let death stop you? Will you give up simply because you’re dead? Or will you return and evolve? What will you do Assa Flora?” Assa felt as though she was floating in an ocean, as in an instant she charge her core, no the words of Zoe echoes in her very core as she pushed forward: “I will save them, I will not give up!” She said with her very core as it pulsed deeply with all force, in that moment Assa opened her eyes reborn as Golden and Green mana charge all around her. She screamed out with all she had as the tree grow and expend as K’sNature grew to a new level as Assa heard the voice of her Tool and the Spirits within: “As your core wills it, I will respond in kind!” As the three spread green pollen all over while it grew larger and large, it was now a transparent form as Assa screamed out while tapping int Kazemi’s drive through Zoe: ‘Kazemi’s Art: All consuming Forest’ As the three grow the roots expended all around and began to swallow and grow around the people. Wrapping them around all the people in its path. Many people tried to run as Assa screamed out through the tree: “If you want to live, let the tree consume you, and if you have fire, water, earth, air of ice mana than flow it into the plants roots!” She said with a shrined voice, many people weren’t sure but one thing was clear, if they did nothing they would die. In a moment the pollen spreading all over started to merge with the plant life it landed on and made them grow, absorbing the surround mana. The pollen was spread to the edge of the city as the main tree still grew, but it wouldn’t be able to reach and cover the whole city. Many of the people noticed the plants as some saw their family members still screaming and riving around unable to move, as they touched the plants and flowed their mana into the plants, as they grew and spread, the trees and plants now grew all over the city and consumed the people, wrapping around the. Azura also did so as he pulled his sister and nephew close to him and pulsed his mana to the plants, out of desperation. Many saw him in the arena and they joined in. Assa was straining as she fel was though she would faint at any moment, it was to much for her body as it felt like she was dying and being crushed by the sheer force of mana pulsing out of her, as she was about to pass out, she heard the voice of Zoe in her mind, in her core: “Don’t give up! Evolve and push forward! Evolve and Don’t give up! You can do it!” She heard them as she looked up at Zoe who was no longer touring her back, she moved back to looking at Azen, as he charged his move, as he prepared to end it all. She pulsed more mana into her spear. 
In a moment Assa finally covered the whole city as a massive forest of was now all over the city, wrapping all the people in the roots, and drawing their mana, as she finally finished she sensed that Azen was about to unleash his spell as he roared with all he had! Assa pulsed her mana through and made K’sNature release a mana sap that formed into a barrier around the plants all over. 
Azen unleashed his move as in an instant the mana all over the city pulsed forward and sent a massive shockwave all over the area, then it pulled back to Assa horror, the mana pulled back the position Azen was at, right around his core, his very being… That was simply the trigger as she saw the area around the city be destroyed from just that, and wondered if this was truly it, then again the words of Zoe echoed in her very core as she let go of her doubts and began put it all screaming in all intensity, all the people in the roots heard her strained scream, her very defiance, she was not going to give up, as they reponded by pouring all their mana into the the roots around, them they let it all out, as K’sNature and the surrounding trees lined up as one within the roots, and shared in the mana as they all started to sprout buds as they all appeared al over the city now, all the trees had them as the mana surged even more forward. Azen then screamed out: “Die!” As he finally collected all the mana back around him, nothing would stop him as even Vraka roared with all his might pulsing all his power into it. As a massive flash of light emitted from Azen. 
Zoe took a breath as she took her stance aiming the spread carefully: “Pierce through his very core Panthera!” ‘Kazemi’s Ultimate art: Core Hunter!’ In an instant her mana raged all over her as Aphexia formed appeared for a moment, than it seems to be pulled into the spear as Zoe moved and in an instant she was before Azen who glared at her with a victories smile: “Even if you killed me now, the explosion wouldn’t stop, you die along side me and MY ALMA!” He screamed out as the spread moved right through his chest, Assa was the only one who was watching within the city as the flashing white light from Azen’s positions moved away in insane speed, Assa looked on as K’sNature called to her: “Let it all out Assa, do it now!” Assa wasn’t sure what occurred but she clasped her hands: “Kazemi’s Barrier-Art: For all Life!” She screamed out as the buds fully grew and bloomed and a barrier of green and and small shard of Gold fell over the whole city. The white light raged forth as it moved now to the grand mountain close to the city, then in a violent blinding flash, and a deafening roar of mana explodes from the position of the mountain, The explosion was massive as it enveloped the whole area, and the city caught the resulting shockwave directly, as his shock it very city to its core.The people felt the shaking of the earth and terrifying rumble and death cry of the explosion. It lasted for various minutes. They all cried and held on for dear life…

{Now Zoe’s ability was mixed directly wit =h Enari who has the first half of the Key, ‘Kazemi!’ - blade, now when Zoe died, in that moment it was Aphexia who died merged within her, the conceptual ability of Zoe is evolution to overcome everything. Evolve! The power to depart ones genes to the next generation to make them stronger, This was Zoe’s ability that ran rampant within Irane, the power that made him forget himself every death, as he request, this is why the mind the man formed into the tools mindset, a conceptual nature of it. 
Whenever Aphexia dies, Zoe is able to grab A new Aphexia with the evolutionary traits needed and adapted to the core, now the truth of it is that each core is treaed a child, born of the core factory known as Kazemi’s Womb! The power to give birth to a new core beast ,the Biom of Kazemi is the natural space of Enari, the beast of Kazemi born from Zoe’s mana to be the manifestation of Kazemi’s evolutionary nature, Now the spear of Panthera is a weapon created from the corpse of the dead old beast form, a weapon made to be the spear/adaptios to kill what killed this beast. 
This is the ultimate form of repurpose and refactoring as the very Apex Predator also bared an adaption acquired from the dead used to create the thing to end your core. It is an amalgamation of resource extraction and evolution and natural adaption!}

As the shacking and sound ended, the roots finally opened up as the people looked all around them and they looked up at the direction of the explosion, they saw the barrier cracked and nearing being destroyed. It held out with all it had indeed, as they looked beyond it and the mountain overlooking the city, was now nothing but a massive dust cloud stretch to the very heavens. They looked in horror. Assa looked on as she smiled: ‘I didn’t give up!’ In a moment she heard Zoe’s voice: “You are worthy indeed Assa Flora, you are worthy to wield the power of Kazemi’s evolution.” As those words echoes she smiled as she passed out from sheer exhaustion. 
Some looked about as they ones who were connected to Azen woke up and screamed, as Azura looked at his sister and Evin who both scream out about their hearts: “My heart, my heart, my heart!” They all said this as the other alma tried to calm them down. In a moment he screens that were all over the city came back as they showed Azen on his knees before Zoe, who in her left hand held the still beating heart of Azen!” This was the sight they were crying about, they felt it, the moment she pulled out his heart, they all felt it as though she pulled their own hearts out! It was a terrifying sensation. 
Azen looked at Zoe as he had a massive whole in his chest, he recoiled in pure shock as he felt the moment Panthera enter his chest, it didn’t just pierce him through no, it hit his very core, and went flying to the mountains with it, drawing all the mana forth. But was the most horrifying was he felt the agony from his core exploding and now he wondered as he looked at Zoe who held his beating heart: “Why, how am I still alive?” Zoe simply looked at him and took a piece a small bit of it as she chewed for a moment as spit out the rest. She looked down at him and asked: “You gave Up! Pity… you are not worthy!” As she turned her head to the direction of Assa and started to walk towards her. Vraka looked on in pure horror as Azen felt it as he heard Vraka peak in a shack voice: “She… She like Mana, like my father, she’s… she’s a conceptual!” Azen eyes widened at those words from him as Zoe simply crushed his heart and threw its down, he spat out blood as he finally hit the ground, looked on at Zoe: “Impossible…” As he took his final breath and died!
The Alma all looked in pure shock at the sight, as they witnessed what many thought impossible, the death of their millennium old leader, die! The city was silent as Zoe placed her hand on Assa’s unconscious body, they heard her words of Azen being unworthy as now they heard her again as she spoke to Assa: “You are worthy!” As she placed her hand on her shoulder and passed out in a sudden moment. 

The city was silent, as in a moment the Human-Alma screamed out in pure joy, then the following Alma all over the city cried out as they all sighed in relief, they looked on at the dust from their destroyed mountain as the dust selected any and the sun shinned, the sun which as this time of day was covered by the mountain and the trees all over the city now shined as they reflected the very sunshine. The city seemed almost to be radiating with life itself!




Part 9.2.2:Hope vs Elorah
Coral Sil

Now Elorah was in all truths a master of psychological warfare, and she made it a point to destroy her opponents before ever fighting. In truth Elorah wasn’t fond of combat, to her proving one’s strength was pointless, it was intelligence and mental ability that she cherished. She loved the cultivation of technology and the innovation of it all. She was the queen of creation. The woman who made the Spirits master of tools. Unlike Azen and the Alma who were more attune to their bodies, the Spirits were deeply in-tune with technology, Tools were their lives. Now there was no greater symbol of this then the city of Sophioterra, a city of technological marvel indeed, but more then anything it was a monument to Elorah, as in most places one would see floating status of her and many images of her all across the walls. The city was her dream come true, as not an ounce of filth could be seen as the white marble of the city were always set as beautiful. The Spirits had an almost terrifying obsession with keeping the city as clean and beautiful as people as they called it the Gem of Elorah. 
Now Elorah was someone who saw herself as above all others, so much so that she didn’t even try to change the state or lives of other woman, no she cared very little in fact. Now before the battle, she made 2 moves that would ensure she would in all right not lose: 
The first was to speak with Selis as she remember how Selis chose her, not for her authority or positions, but over the fact that she saw her as special. And so she didn’t even try to enslave Selis, she didn’t need to as she showed no real animosity towards Sells, even after everything, in truth she was happy about how things turned out as now she simply had another tool in her arsenal. As she would have Selis out hovering out behind her as a special object of changing shape, a intricate object with golden vein or motherboard connection lines all over it, {The bind of Irane Kazemi that made her a true tool}. The people all bowed at her when she passed as they noted how now she wielded a tool which resonated with the tools they had. But Selis was no fool as she understood that if she disobeyed Elorah, she would be forced to obey, so she simply accepted the situation and was loyal. She was a pragmatic being, as she was working on a way to break free and return her lost power and authority, and Elorah knew this well. But as for now they were partners in all regards. 
The second was far more evil indeed, as the day before the battle she acquired something, someone which would turn the scales of the battle, again she always planned ahead and did all her best to weaken her opponents mentally. As the day before the battle, right as Hope was preparing she would request a call, now Hope was no fool, as her mother told her well enough just how evil Elorah was, and how she won a battle before even lifting a finger through evil and cruel methods, and Arai added to Hope, to ensure that her emotions were in check, and that no matter what, she was to not allow her emotions to rule her. Now Hope was prepared as she accepted the call. Elorah streamed the call to all of the Sprits, as Hope’s eyes open wide to the image on the screen. A woman bleeding and crying softly in pain and agony. As Elorah would stand over the broken woman with an evil smile and blood pooling all around her. Hope expression moved from calm to furious as she realised who it was on the floor… Coral Sil, her former classmate as she was an old woman now. The last time they spoke was months back as Coral was then apart of the library within the Mana Academy. But Elorah had pulled some strings and captured her, but not just her next to Elorah was Coral’s son, who looked to also have been abused beyond words. The sight made Dio and Rui who also looked on uncomfortable, not just that they were shocked, the sight was to much as it was clear from the wounds all over the 2 that they had been captured for weeks at least. 
Elorah smiled coldly as she noted: “I believe you’re well acquainted, Pino did a lot to get me to meet her. I’m happy to say that your old classmate and I have had weeks to get to know each other so well. She didn’t even want to talk about you, no matter how much I hurt her. But her lips wouldn’t stop peaking about you the second I pointed my blade to her son. She told me so much of Hope, Gran Primes prized students. How she spoke about you indeed. You and your little sister! Oh that’s right, I know about her too, in fact, when I learned about it, all I could do was laugh, laugh at the idea of it all. I wonder what sweet lies Tola spoke to her to make her open her legs, or maybe she was just a whore… What do you thing Hope Apolo… oh sorry I mean Hope Ardent. I knew she was a foolish woman, who made nothing but stupid choices, but being with Tola was probably the stupidest choice of all, even more idiotic then the choice of the location of the Fest…” Elorah chuckled slightly, he laugh was soft and subtle but oh could it be heard indeed. Dio and Rui looked at each other, unsure of what to do, what to say as they saw Hope clench her fist in pure rage, her mana was boiling over in that moment as the whole room started to shake and the walls, ceiling and floor all cracked as though raging along side hope. The room was dense now as Hope looked on in raging silence. Elorah looked forward and smiled a bit more: “What’s wrong, do you have nothing to say to her, to your former friend...” As in a moment Coral cried out: “I’m sorry Hope, please forgive me, plea…” As Elorah grabbed a blade and stabbed her in the leg: “How dare you interrupt me?” As in a moment she pulled the blade from her leg and cut Coral son’s head of Which make Coral scream out in horror, as Elorah simply laughed and pulled her head back and made her face Hope: “As Elorah then said to Hope, say your goodbyes as she cut the head of Coral right there and walked away, laughing. The screen remained on as Hope simply stared in pure disbelief of the events that just took place. She was frozen as she looked on at the screen, as she looked at Coral’s lifeless body, as her silver her turned a dark red from he blood. 

Hope looked on for so long, then she fell to her knees, as now the video cut and all that remained was an image of Coral’s dead body. Hope simply stared as the memories came back in a rush, her dreams which showed her mother and Grans death, adn the death of all the Primals she lead as Cai. Now there was another horrible memory as Hope quietly said with a heart broken voice: “She’s dead… because of me. She’s dead just like Gran…” She was a broken mess at this moment, Elorah words to her did indeed break her. 
Dio and Rui as well as all the other Human-Spirts thought and spoke among themselves, they didn’t know what to expect, but no one seemed shocked, no this was how Elorah did her pre-battles. It was never this public but this was a known as there was always notes of how many of the family members and friends of the people who crossed Elorah crossed her. They didn’t know how to comfort her, as they tried but Hope didn’t react to any of them. 
After some time another call rang through and cut the image from the screen, as Arai was calling. She heard and saw what occurred, their chat didn’t take place in the land of the Ascen, but there was a lot of discord about it as Tola Ardent’s name was mention directly. As Arai looked at Hope who was broken on the floor, Dio and Rui looked on as they wondered what she would say… what words would she use to make Hope feel better as in a moment Arai spoke: 
“I won’t tell you its okay, or that you shouldn’t let this get to you, no instead I want you to take this and engrave it into your core. Take the pain, the grief, the regret, the rage and, and use it, use it to fuel the hatred within you! Take it all and show that bitch who the hell you are! You couldn’t save Coral, nor her son, all you have now is the duty and responsibility to kill her killer. Add it all, and unleash it all. Everything. Show that bitch the wrath of the Kazemi’s heart! Put it all in there Hope, everything!” 
The words were a shock to Dio and Rui, as Hope unleashed her mana in a moment destroying the who building and cutting the feed. Arai watched on as the feed broke as Aliya asked if that was wise? As Arai added: “Nothing I say right now will fix anything, Elorah’s plan was a success indeed, she succeeded in getting into Hope’s mind, but she made the fatal mistake of assuming that was a wise move… Out of the three of use(Arai, Hope and Zoe), Zoe is the most compassionate and kindest, but she is also the most accustomed to lose, if she did that to Zoe, I wouldn’t really be worried, and of course if she did that to me, well… but Hope, she is by far the most emotional out of the three of use. She has a temper and tomorrow she will learn the hard way, what happens when you provoke a Dragon, you don’t just get burnt, you get decimated!” 
Hope gripped her hands tight as she noted to Dio and Rui: “Don’t worry I won’t let my emotions cloud my judgement, no I won’t let her win!” In that moment Dima within Hope sighed as he noted to himself: “What a stubborn woman indeed!” As Dima would ensure that on that night as Hope slept she would be plagued endlessly by all the horrors and emotional moments in her life. All of them!
Elorah smiled as she passed Pino and Tenma as he asked her if that was wise as Pino added: “Father, please. Grandmother knows full well what she is doing!” As Elorah added while petting Pino on head in approval: “yes Pino, emotions are the great enemy of Logic! Worry now, for tomorrow I will kill the so called Empress!” She smiled as Tenma looked on concerned still while Pino looked over joyed. It was her idea after all, she had done plenty of background info on Hope and found out about the connection Hope had with Coral, but the information on her being an Ardent was more the icing on the cake. She smiled and chuckled as she envisioned the death of Hope, as she even prepared a note stating the date of Hope’s death on it. Set to tomorrow’s date. 

The Spirits all gathers in the city as the war drums rang, the sign of a great battle and there was a celebration, as is the case when Elorah goes to battle. It is a rare sight indeed to watch her battle as many Spirits would never get the chance due to their considerably short lifespans. But today was a momentous occasion indeed. The Arena was a spectacle as the walls were decorated with images of all the victories Elorah had in there. It was all part of how she operates in combat. 
Now Elorah was already in the arena, as the masses screamed and cheered for their lady, their leader. Hope entered quietly accompanied by only Dio, Rui, and a Human-Alma named Konnar Neel(Fire-Earth; Harmonic-Darkness core) as he was also the third in charge of the army, he was a direct man who Hope liked him for. He never treated her as special and spoke his mind with no reservation or fear and that from a Spirit was a welcomed change, thus he was made the leader of one of her main 3 teams. He was close to her, well, bedside Dio and Rui he knew her the best in terms of her title. He was the one who actually made it common for people t refers to Hope as Empress as he called her that exclusively, and made it a point that his squad also did so, and thus the title spread out. Hope didn’t hate it, in fact it was welcomed as that was what most people called her when she was Cai so it wasn’t new to her at all. Now they walked with her in the hostile environment as the people all had signs and displays of Hope in unappealing fashion. The most obvious was the main banners and how they indicated Elorah Seraph vs Hope Ardent, they used her father’s name now her mothers, and this simply was dinner to get more into her head. 
Now Talo and Tunde were also present in the Arena, as Elorah asked them to be there. Tunde didn’t know about Hope being her sister, to him it was a shock to hear about as he confronted his father who simply brushed the issue aside, and wouldn’t speak on it. Tunde was in truth worried, the family of the Ardent’s reputation was in fact at an all time low, unlike their brother clan of the Nexal who were being elevated to new highs after Arai was made a Vane. He was angry at it all, at the shame the clan was suffering, and in truth he wanted more then anything for Hope to win, because her winning, would in fact bring honour to the clan, even if she denied them, the simply fact that she was an Ardent by blood was more then enough. He was betting it all on her indeed. Tola was hard to read, it was clear he didn’t want to be there and he was being forced by the powers in control. 
Hope entered the arena, her eyes didn’t look around at all, no she simply stared directly as Elorah, who stood with smile glaring at Hope, Hope heard Dima: “Don’t forget Arai’s words, put it all in there!” His words resonated but Hope simply took a breath while not averting her gave from Elorah’s smile which disgusted her.

The battle began, in a heartbeat Hope was right in front of Elorah swing Temper in a high arc, as the blade made contact with a blade floating in front of Elorah. Her smile never faded as a handful of blade fell down forcing Hope back. Then Hope noticed it, at Selis was creating and control the Tools from its surroundings. Hope wondered for a moment as she then moved around as she activated her core technique and created a tunnel in space moving as though about to cut Elorah again, as Elorahs’s blade moved to block her swing, Hope switch her grip and moved behind Elorah as she tried to cut the form of Selis, only for her blade to pass right through. In that second she was sent back as orbs hit and exploded behind her and made sent her flying to the left. She gathered herself as Elorah’s blades rushed to her, as she paired them all. The in sudden moment as the tried to parry the last one, it exploded in a wave of fire and wind which pushed hope back. Her hands were burn from the sheer force and heat of the explosion.
Elorah laughed as she stared her down, she hadn’t moved from her standing positions at all, as she noted: “You know, I expected more, did you really think I didn’t know that you had the Ardent’s spacial tunnel ability and not the Apolo’s portals. You truly underestimate me hey? Well not that It matters, move about as much as you like, you won’t touch me!” 
As Elorah pulled more blades out of different elemental types: “Selis Technique: Tool factory creation!” Then sent tens of different blades at hope as he moved around and moved to a different location on the field, but it was useless as a swarm of blades crashed, right there, surprising Hope. In a moment Elorah laughed at hope was bleeding after that onslaught of blades. Elorah pointed to her eyes as she added: “I know full well how the Ardent’s ability works. Its all about the range of your mana, but you need to preset it, you can’t just move… I created these contact lens as a tool designed to see the whole battlefield, and specifically designed to see your mana, and where it flowed. I won’t allow this to take to long, not at all. “Selis Art: Elemental Tool Assembly! - Armour of War!” As in a moment Sells body moved as many Tools ejected, as they with the blades ran to Hopes location as Hope took a breath: ‘Energy magic: Elemental purge fall!’ Mana radiated out as Energy surrounded and moved around Hope and radiated outwards pushing all of the tools launched at her, the mana around hope was pulsing out revolving around her body as she took of running towards Elorah, then teleported right before as she released the pulse again, as a wave of energy rushed forward, Hope realised that a shield stopped her as the separated parts from Elorah’s Selis formed a shield, not just that but an mechanical suite of armour then all the mana blades formed into one massive blade, hope stepped back and teleported to the Arena wall behind Elorah, yet another armour form appeared with a spear, that Hope blocked with her blade. This was a dire situation indeed as each of the armours held unbelievable power with each move. Hope pushed the one before of as she teleported to the east wall, but was caught of a flash of light raced to her new spot, as she used her mana to deflect it as another suite of Armour with a Bow stood by the edge of the arena and slammed Hope to the wall, the one with the shield stayed by Elorah as she smiled. She needed not to move, no her tools were almost autonomous indeed as Hope took a moment. She was outnumbered now, and now after that hit her body was trembling. She took a moment and stood up and Elorah stared at her from her side with a confident smirk: “Come now Hope, you need to put up a good show of your father. I want him to see just how much of a disappointment all the woman that he made are! Come on Now!” Tola didn’t move as he simply looked on
Hope charged her mana and as she stared straight at Elorah, ‘Energy Magic: Streaming mana flow!’ As mana of type Fire, Water, Earth, Air, Ice, Lighting, Nature, Light and Darkness flowed all around her cloaking her and moving as a streaming wave of liquid and air like mana all around as she noted the words from Gran: “Energy is a very special element among the main 12 elements excluding Space, Time, and Life/Death. It like Lighting and Nature is able to merge with all the different mana types. But energy works vastly differently as all the elements are in fact types and forms of energy. With it we can add all the elemental nature types we desire and alter their form, those who have a deep control over the element of Energy, have the potential to command all the elemental forces, exclusive the Ascendent Elements.” Those words echoes as Hope added: “Let mix Gran’s teaching with Arai’s!” She said as she then unleshed a large scale wave: “Energy Art: “Core of Elements!” As the mana streaming all around her started to separate and form mana orbs of each mana type mentioned, then it split as there was a pair of orbs of the element of: Fire, Water, Earth, Air, Ice, Lighting and, Nature formed as 14 of them now flowed while only 1 of each for light and dark orbs were made, in total there were 16 orbs around her now, as in an instant Elorah created 2 more soldiers, and armed them with blades made of all initial 12 mana types excluding the Ascendent brach. One had a sword while the other an Axe. As the one with a spear ran on her, Hope teleported as the sniper armour launched more strikes to her location but she was ready as the Mana flowing around her pushed the projectile out of the way as Hope now moved as she noted how the sniper clearly had the same type of lenses as Elorah, as they could see where she would appear, then the armours were on her as they started to move and propel themselves with rocket on their body, they moved with terrifying speed but more terrifying was how each swing cause the very arena to shake, the shields keeping the audience safe was cracking with each miss form them as they all hit the ground or walls. Hopes Streaming mana flow was acting as a shield as she took the darkness mana orb and coated her blade with it, and now she was able to absorb the mana from all their moves. 
She was still being hounded as she moved all over the arena at blistering speed now, she was all over the place as Elorah simply stood in the centre watching her with real sign of concern, Hope was using more and more of her mana and realised more mana per jump, as Elorah noted: “What a desperate move, your mana will be exhausted soon enough, just cause its an innate core technique and it doesn’t use as much mana as it normally would if it was a spell or art, doesn’t mean you can just keep using it over and over without concern fro the mana your using. You’ll be very empty soon, just as planned…” She noted as Hope seemed to carry on, the armours were relentless as they went after her. In a moment Elorah added more projectile blades towards Hope. It was an endless storm as she was being harassed from all angles. There was no safe space on that field. But she was still moving indeed, in moment she combined the 2 different elemental cores into 7 each into the light and dark orbs, as the sword armour slashed downwards cracking the shield of the Arena, missing Hope, but Elorah and the sniper armour froze and looked around as they didn’t know where he location was now. Elorah looked around in confusion, as in a sudden instant a massive erupting of mana caught Elorah off guard. 

In a moment the Audience all screamed out as the earth quake and vibrations, as the whole ground of the Arena erupted from the ground, as Elorah jumped far into the air, but the explosion’s force pushed her higher into the as she noted in shock: “She teleported into the ground? That’s impossible, no that should be, you can’t move into a space with objects already, she should be dead…” As she realised that what was underground was the white mana core, raiding all 7 forms of mana that merged with it, but more then that Elorah realised that mana that Hope was released with each jump was part of her plan as now the whole ground was a wasteland of mana pushed her upwards. The shield armour wrapped its shield above and around Elorah and created a barrier to stop all attacks from all direction. Thier vision was obscured as Elorah frantically looked around for Hope as she noticed she was above her. Hope’s Blade was completely black now as it pulled in all the mana from the ground, in moment the voice echoed from her very core: “Put your very core into it!” As she used her Spacial ability to instantly draw all the mana around the the very centre of her blade, as the darkness core with the other 7 elements now pulled in the white core with its 7 elements, and the very edge of Temper glowed with a bright light as Hope while falling sheathed her blade to condense the power: as she said quietly: ‘Core technique: Spatial Omniscience drawing’ + her tools ability to cut on a set path of mana within a set mana path: Energy Art: Mana Slash!’ And now with all the mana condensed to that paint Hope drew the blade as it slashed down and cut through every one of Elorah’s armoured beings, as the slash came to her Elorah smiled as the slash clashed with the shield instead of cutting through it as she yelled out: “You Fool, this shield was made with Spacial Magic, you attack won’t get through…” As in that moment she stopped as Hope appeared right in front of her as Elorah smile died out as Hope brought the blade around and cut Elorah on her face, as Elorah moved back in time. Then in Hope screamed out as she spun back about to cut Hope in the heart but stopped as Elorah smiled at the anguished face of Hope as elorah pulled the heard of Coral and placed it right in front of her chest making Hope freeze as she stopped her blade halfway, unable to cut through her friend to land a lethal strike to Elorah, As in an instant a chain wrapped around hope and Elorah pulled all the armours together back into Selis as she Selis merged around Elorah making a grand clash armour: Selis’s Tool-Art: ‘Majestic Armoury’ she smile as Elorah grabbed a blade out with all 15 elemental types imbedded into it: “Grand Tool: Celestial Blade!’ She screamed out as she brought the blade and every bit of power she had right to Hope as Hope broke through the chains and pulled her own blade back to clash with Elorah but it wasn’t enough as the blade Temper… broke…
The force was great as Hope eyes widened in disbelief as Elorah blade had a second function: “Grand Tool: Spacial warn cannon!” It was a massive cannon placed within the hit of the blade as she used both Time and Space magic to make it small enough to fit in the blade and Life/Death Magic to made the blade change shape as the blast was unleashed. In that instant Dima appeared as she locked Hope into her mouth and protect her but the powers was to much as all it did was keep her alive as Dima was destroyed and a line passed right through the arena and carved a line through the city causing hundred to die in its path. It was devastating as the people looked on horror at the city ripped and the cried out in shock.
Hope was on the ground now not moving at all as she gripped the broken blade of Temper right hand. She laid there barely alive as Elorah walked towards Hope while holding Coral’s head: “You dared to scare my face, yet you hesitate to cut the dead head of this hag, you truly are a full!” Hope didn’t respond, she couldn’t as the memories of her mother, of Gran, of the Primals, now of Coral passed her mind, as a tear feel from her face. In that moment there was no noise, the Spirits simply looked on…

Hope opened her eyes as she saw the memory of Irane promising to put his very soul into what he truly desires. But in that moment Aura was looking at Hope as she placed her hand on hops cheek with a gentle smile: “You really need to put your soul into it!” 
As in a split second after Hope was no within Kazemi’s Forge, but it was quite, the massive hall factory was silent as non of the massive machines moved. It felt far to still, as she notices a single red light in the centre of the whole structure,  she walked towards it, each step felt like it wasn’t getting her anywhere, but she kept walking as she looked at silent factory, as though it was dead and not asleep. After what felt like an endless was she was finally at the source of the light as she looked down to see a small sphere big enough to fit in her hand, as she places her hand on it, it started to glow brightly as a red-colour mana flowed to her as she then saw Irane, fighting Kazemi in the trail, as she noted: “How many times will I need to see this?” As in a moment she saw Irane die, then he was in the factory as he was right before her breathing heavily, in a moment he pulled the spheres from his 2 shoulders, they where the imperfect cores of Summari and Nighla: “Dammit, I failed again, Iris start up the factory, we have more work to do!” As he said that she noticed the factory come to life as a massive rumbling spread all around the factory as though a beat was passing all over, in a moment the whole Forged roared and a second bang took place as a massive pool of mana came crashing through the channels and they covered all around her as she saw Irane making something with the mana, an orb of some kind.he watched him work and make them, as he crashed and hammered down endlessly as he echoed the words: “Put your very soul into!” Over and over, she saw the rage and frustration, but she saw the dedication to, it was endless and he raged each time he appeared, then from rage and anger, she saw when he finally created the artificial core by merging the 2 cores of Beginning-Creation & Destruction-Ending as he pulled after he finally injured Kazemi and came back as he celebrated,  his smile was pure, then she saw it, the edge of it all as he carried on, even after losing his mind, he still functioned. It almost seemed automatic, but the man, the man was gone, but he still celebrated, as he started ot make more things, she watched him make more objects as he started to create weapons now, she saw the very forge change over and over, for each weapon, as they all broke in the fight, he rebuilt them and improved on them. She watched him make the Elemental Series, then the Principle series, she saw him over and over in the endless process. As in a moment she noticed how the factory felt oddly familiar as in a new memory she saw from deep within him. Now he was choosing which of his tools he would bring out as he only took one each time as he planned and took only The spear Domination and the elemental core of Fire, then he died and went back with the same combination as he reforged the blade and went back to the fight. It was insane but there was one bit of consistency, he gave the same effort when he re-forged them. The intensity was the same, no matter what, as he came back with a smile and without. With the different combination as she saw him then finally take more then one element with different combinations, then multiple tools with different elements, but he kept forging with the same intensity, the same focus, the same care to the blade. As she looked around and noticed how the factory pounded as a heart beat, she felt the very factory pulling mana from his body. This was it the way his forge worked, as she realised she was in his heart. 

As she came to that realisation she saw Aura’s form in front of her looking down, but Hope interrupted: “Yeah, yeah I know, put my core into it, I Get it already Aura, jeez!” But the figure spoke: “Do you really, I doubt that, cause if you did then you wouldn’t be here Hope!” Hope looked up in shock as she never expected to have a conversation with the being then in a moment she realised this wasn’t Aura, no this was Iris who in her hand held the broken blade Temper as she added while admiring the blade: “I must Cronus’s work truly is impeccable indeed, this blade is amazing!” Hope looked even more shocked as she asked: “Why do you look like that?” As Iris added: “Is that really the question your choosing ask right now? Will the answers to that question change anything?” Hope looked down as she looked at the core on the ground: “That’s my core isn’t it, my actual core?” Iris smiled coldly: “It is, so what? Again I ask, what does it matter?” Hope clenched her fist as she looked at Iris: “Why am I here? My blade broke, and I lost and now… Am I dead?” Iris laughed out loud, which annoyed Hope who added: “I see if you’re not going to help them I’ll just be leaving!” She said in frustration as Iirs asked: “I have better question, why didn’t you put your core into killing Elorah?” Hope looked at her with confusion as Iris added: “I’ll admit Selis’s Tools are unique, they are very interesting to say the least, but seriously?” She held Temper higher as she looked down at Hope. Hope sighed as she stated: “ I did, I gave it my…”
“No you didn’t!” Iris said sharply: “If you did then you wouldn’t be here. And here I thought Dima giving you endless nightmares would do the trick indeed but no, you still try and ignore so much of yourself.” Hope’s eyes widened as she realised it, she clenched her fists as she looked at Iris: “You… you did that to me? Why, why make me relive all of that? What do you gain from tormenting me? Was it fun, did you enjoy it, did you, why what did I do to you, what did I do to deserve all that?” Hope pulled her hand on her heart as she fell down and tears started to flow: “Why did you have to torment me with all my failures?” He voice shaking as she tried to take a breath: “Why? Because I owe you, after all I only exist because of you!” Hope looked up in confusion as Iris looked down and added: “Oh, you still don’t get it… fine I’ll spell if out for you if you want, this forge was build from you mana, your core’s mana. That core within you was made from reverse engineering your mana back to a core form. What you crudely call command cores, were the first cores ever made within this form, Tell me, does that core feel wrong within you, does it feel off? Does it feel like it shouldn’t being there?” Hope blinked as she felt the core echoing within her as she noted: “No…” Iris added: “The only reason your bodied went into shock when Arai first started the seal and added your core there was simply because these cores are far beyond what your bodied could handle. They are in all rights your core a million years in the future, after a million years of growing and changing!” Hope started ot hyperventilate as she felt the immensity of Iris words only added by the pure shock of the sensation, the feeling of the whole Forge, all of it, she felt it all at once as she also felt how it touched every on of Irane’s cores in this vast infinite space that her mana was apart of, this was her tunnel ability bust much better, so much greater and far more powerful as she looked at Iris: “You look like that because my mana chose to keep that memory?” 
Iris smiled now as she placed the broken blade in Hope’s hands: “Indeed, the command was never from him, it was you: “So why don’t you finally stop holding back and put your damn core… your damn soul into it!” She said with all the emotions she could, as Iris handed the blade back to Hope. She looked at it: “I don’t know, why, why did it break if…” Iris responded as though fully ready for the question: “Because that blade was made to accompany you through your life, Cronus can only view for far as ones life is ment to exist for, this blade was never made for that core. Not at all. It was never made for your core built from a million years of endless refinement and growth. DO you get it now, that blade was perfect for the old you, not the current core you have. Hope took many deep breaths as she though on it again: “That makes no sense…” 

Iris looked at her and laughed: “Look at this place, what part this makes sense. This whole thing makes no sense you say, well of course not, you can blame that fool ‘Z’ for choosing, you can blame him for all you like but I want you to understand that this only came to be, cause he chose to die and erase himself and Zoe’s mana helped him, and he choose to fight and beat Kazemi, not survive, no he choose to beat him. I have existed for Millions of years and all I have seen is war. I was built from your mana, yours that helped him forge this, helped him reforge himself, over and over, and over per death. Now then if I were you I would stop holding back, and you use that blade that Irane forged with his blood, sweet and tears! Put your damn All into it, your emotions, your everything, put it all into into the fight! Now what choice will you make? Do choose to die and vanish, or do you choose to get up and reforge that blade!” Hope looked at the broken blade as she saw it reflected back at her, the old versions of herself. The past in the blade. As she took a deep breath and remembered them again all who died and she got up and looked Iris in the eyes with pure determination: “I choose to put my core into it!” She said as she placed the 2 pieces of the blade together and plunged it into her ore into the floor with a roaring scream. 
In a moment the whole forge seemed to creak as Hope’s core started to glow and she heard a heart beat, the Forge started to glow as the systems of it started to come to life, and the another thundering roar echoes forth as what’s seems like pure red blood pulsed forth form the pipes, as a the gates on the sides open, Hope felty it all the enormous structure, the behemoth of the Forge beat to life as many parts of it came to life, it was fully active and glowing with radiant red ad Hope felt her very emotions overflow, she felt her heart as though it was beating for the first time, the echoing sound trembling all over as Iris looked at her and laughed in pure joy as she yelled out: “Yes, Hope Kazemi! Awaken the forge, put it all into into it, the joy, the pain, the sorrow, the dread, the love and the hatred you have, show them all what you can do, Kazemi’s Heart! 

Only a few seconds had past in the real world as now Elorah now stood over Hope’s body, Tunde in gripped his hands tightly as he screamed out, almost out of pure desperation: “Is that is Hope, is that all you can do, are your trying to tell me she was right about you? Was that bitch right, what about your mother? What about Gran, do you thinks his happy seeing you like this? Do you think Mira would be happy about this?” He screamed out as Tola pulled him back and throw him to the ground: “Shut up Damn it!” He said with raging teary eyes as Pino who was next to them added: “Don’t worry, it was only inadvertently then a roaring pulse of mana erupted from the spot Hope was, Elorah was shocked as she took a step back in pure shock as Hope’s mana exploded from her body. Then as instantaneously as it appeared all the mana disappeared. Elorah looked up as Hope was now standing while still bleeding, Temper was still broken but the atmosphere changed, as Elorah looked at Hope’s eyes radiating with a deep blood red and bright golden light. Hope’s mana started to flow again, and it became more dense indeed as it formed into the dragon form of Dima who made was growing with pure malice and a radiating smile, Then Dima roared with unnatural energy it spired all over the whole second in an instant and the whole city froze in absolute fear, fear form the murderous intent, no it was hatred, it was so dark and terrifying that it made no logical sense as mana pulsed forward. Dima moved to bond with Temper who was now residing and glowing with a golden red glow, Elorah noticed how her armour was now shaking, shaking as she tired to understand what Selis was feeling then she noticed her voice echoing: “Kazemi’s Tool! That blade is the same as all the tools the Emperor used…” Elorah was shocked as she took a closer look at the blade that was being transformed as she noticed the handy work of that being who was within all of Kazemi’s Tools as she took several leaps back. Temper seems to break away as it changed, the blade was a deep golden colour now, it was radiating out and a Blood red dragon symbol appeared to form on the blades body, the tail was at the base, while the head stretched to the tip, then Hope sheathed the blade in one smooth controlled motion. Her body was now changing as her blood pooled all around her forming armour. She formed scales and fangs, as well as a tail and wings, and blood red scales. Her hair stood out now as it flowed as living energy. Then 12 dragons flowed from the blade and wrapped around hopes body in a similar way Irane’s dragons tattoos form, 2 on her face, 2 on each arm and leg and 2 on her chest, her back was different as it was 3 dragon only with the mana sign of Time, Space and Life/Death. This sent shivers down Elorah spine as now she was shaking, that form was far to similar to that of the Emperor as some of Tenma whispered in trembling fear: “It can’t be, there no way, Emperor Kazemi?” Pino fell down with wide eyes, Tola and Tunde looked at them in shock as they asked: “The Emperor, what the hell are you both…” As Tenma cut him of with a trembling voice: “She looks like him, we saw what he looked like from being connected to Selis, a golden dragon of pure radiating mana, she looks like the Emperor! The form that beat Vraka and Selis to submission, she looks like him” Tola looked closer at Hope, as he felt it in that moment, it was a similar terror he sensed with he fought with Mira, when she entered her hybrid form, but the emotions weren’t joy, no this was all of her emotions amplified, but one emotions stood above the rest, he sensed pure Hatred. Tunde spoke now with a low tone:”The Empress?” He said as though asking a question, as though trying to make sense of it. In that moment Tenma screamed out as he grabbed Tola by the collar with rage he screamed at him: “Damn you Tola, we should kill you, your whole bloodline is cursed, all of your spawn are monsters! Mosnters!” As he threw him down with full force sending him to the wall, then he froze where he stood, he could move as he felt Hope’s gaze on him, he felt as though she was looking right at him. As did Pino, Tola and Tunde, they and every spirit in the city, they all felt her gaze on them, her rage and anger. 

Elorah took a deep breath as she charged her mana to its max, the armour now hummed and pulsed with radiating force and energy, she was done with it all as she put all she had in her sword, everything as she Selis without being prompted said also added her power voluntarily to her as she said to Elorah: “we must kill her, no matter what, this bitch must die Elorah, no matter the cost!” As though she agreed she took a battle stance and Elorah stormed her Liquid iron form of Selis-Ore all over, the armour was now fully set as now it would change to the will of Elorah who was planing the next few moves, thinking of the most devastating spells. 
As she prepared to move forward Hope appeared before her instantly as now they were eye to eyes as Elorah in shock propelled herself back as the armour reacted and added trusters to push her back, Elorah was shock then she realised that the head of Coral was now in Hope’s hands. As Hope placed her new blade down and put her both her hands on her head, closing the eyes of Corals head and placing her forehead gently on her head as she said: “Please forgive me, my friend, forgive me for it was my fault you died, I promise you Coral, I will put my very core into avenging you! The head suddenly vanished as it appeared in the hands of Dio, he was shocked as Rui jumped from shock. Dio closed his eyes as he said: “I hope you’re wathing over her Coral…” 
Elorah was stunned as she created cannoned from her armour: “Selis Tool-Art: Endless Artillery!’ She fire them all as mana of all 15 types covered and unleashed a rage wave towards Hope, she stood and looked at the oncoming wave, in that moment Elorah was waiting to see where Hope would teleport to ready to blow her smothering with the next wave. 

Hope gripped the blade as prepared it, she pulled the blade slightly, the blade was barely drawn as all the mana raging towards her vanished, the she sheath the blade back to the shock of Elorah as Hope took a step forward and in an instant was right before her as Elorah smiled as an orb floating above her exploded, but again Hope simply pop the blade with her thumb, it didn’t even pull out the scabbard by a few centimetres, as the blinding mana was gone again. Hope returned the blade to its seal form as she kicked Elorah back to the Arena with a kick. 
She stumbled as Hope entered as well, The blade was in her left hand as she gestured with her right hand towards her: “Come no… I thought you wanted to kill me? Well come on little mistake!” Elorah raged at this as she launched herself right towards Hope and brought her elemental blade down, as Hope blocked it with her blade still sheathed, there was a roaring impact as though the very scabbard was rejected her blade. Elorah again formed some barrels all over aimed at Hope as she blasted away at Hope, in that moment hope pulled the blade put a bit with her left thumb as all the energy was gone again, Elorah was shocked has in a moment Hope’s tail struck her upwards in the chin with pure force then she placed her right free right hand on Elorah’s breastplate: ‘Pulse!’ energy erupted as Elorah was forced back and her armour about her chest cracked, she fell to knees and coughed up blood: “That… that was just her mana only?” As Hope added: “Pulse, a very simply technique, where one simply realises mana from a specific point, its a level 0 spell that helps determine which mana type a person has, but it can be a very powerful move when the persons core and mana are extremely high class and. Powerful.” Elorah pulled back as she stared in disbelief, then she created more cannons as she created 2 more grand armours, which move to flank Hope while Elorah simply unloaded and fired endlessly, each of the main bullets where of a different type rocketing to Hope, then in moment hope flicked her thumb on the blade as the bullets seemed to land cause mana and earth to cover the area, then the 2 armours with a sword and spear of grand class moved to strike at Hope’s position. 
Elorah took a deep breath as she stopped firing after some time, she looked on at the location Hope was as she looked and noticed her armours where destroyed: “Come now, you can do better then that right Queeny?” Elorah turned her head in pure shock as Hope was being her then in a moment she was forced forward as a pulse hit her back making pushing her to the pieces of broken armour soldiers of hers on the ground. She composed herself as Selis added: “Armour damage: 25%, Back and front plats critically damaged!” Elorah coughed up some blood as she noted her report a s she stumbled back up, Hope looked at her as she spoke with a mocking low tone: “You seem fond of your little cannons, shall we see who has more fire power?” Elorah snarled, she knew she was being baited as got up: “You thing you can match me in fire power? Fine let’s see!” As Selis noted to the request from Elorah: “Are you sure, that wouldn’t just kill her, that would destroy the city?” Elorah simply snarled: “So… we’ll just have the people rebuild it as I always have, So stop playing around!” Selis nodded as she formed and summoned a massive rail gun: Selis Tool-Art: Endless Artillery - Star Destroyer!” As a Elorah charger her mana, a Dyson sphere appeared behind her and attacked to her armour, then her armour morphed as 6 shield rotated around her, and the seller star flowed it energy tp her, it had the 2 sun serpents from Vraka within that he made when fighting Irane. They emitted an unbelievable amount of heat and energy, as the arena shield started to crack from the sheer force of Gravity and heat from them. The people were having as hard time dealing with the heat as it seems more and more unbearable. They tried to use water and ice magic but it was no help, even those with fire and energy cores were struggling as they were also affected. This was to much as the energy flowed into the armour, and massive barrels shared from her Arms, hips and shoulders, 6 in total powering up, the humming sound of them charging up was insane as Elorah was not done: Selis Energy-Art: “Anti-Mater destroyer!” She was fully set as the power from these cannons would render all things to dust, there was no way for hope to block, and if she dodged, the Star destroyer would destroy her as it started to turn all the eart and rock below to liquid then air form. She couldn’t be touched, she was covered baby a stars power and the gravity around her, made it impossible for any projectile to hit her, it was in all rights the ultimate move. The cannons went from a humming to a savage roar as they charged to their max, as Elorah added: “I’m not done, full set trackers, you won’t get away, these won’t miss!” 
Hope looked on as placed her weapon and planed the sheathed black tip down into the ground as her mana now radiate, as 10 of the dragon marks  over her body started to glow, excluding those on her back, and chest, around her form 12 mana orbs flowed our and landed around hope forming a circle, then they all pulsed and created a dragon head each from the elements of Fire to Darkness, then each head opened its mouth and as a pulse of mana orbs were froming within them all, they all growled in unison as they charged up: ‘Dragon Magic: Roaring Dragon Pulse!’ Hope stood up straight as she looked down on Elorah who was in a crouching position as Elorah felt the gaze of Hope looking down on her as she noted how she wasn’t using the Ascendent dragons: “I see your not using the 3 Ascendent mana types, I can guess why, your nearly out of mana, I know you have a limit, unlike me, Selis acts as a power supply, and I have so much mana. It wouldn’t be an execration to say I have enough mana to fill the oceans of the Orians!” Tenma was shacking as he noted how they were all about to die, there was no version of this were they survived, in moment he and Pino heard the voice of Elorah within their minds as she ordered them and all the Spirits to connect to her, there was a rumbling as many froze at this request. Many already knew that their city and lives where in mortal danger as Tola nodded to Tunde to prepare to run the moment they fire as the whole city was about to turn to dust. Millions of Spirts all agreed as they linked with Elorah as they all stared out into space as they all smiled, they felt as tough their were pieces of her now, as component to her being in pure bliss. Unlike Azen, Elorah made sure her people did	feel terror buy hope in that moment. They all connected as Pino and her child accepted and looked out. Tenma didn’t, he gripped his first in defiance as some Spirits all over the city, all over the continent also refused, but she had over a  billion now, connected to her!

She laughed as she fired the pulsed blast, then Hope’s dragons went from a Growl to a raging roar as she fire out and Hope fired her beams as well as they all covered into one point. The many people in the arena braced for the impact as them simply firing their respective attacks sent shockwaves, they all watched as the blasts were about to hit one another. In the very second the 2 attacks made contact, Hope pulled her blade out again slightly, then in that moment the intense mana all vanished in an instant, as the people who were bracing looked out in pure confusion, as did Elorah who was being confused at that too. Then Hope put her blade back as the dragon opened their months again: ‘Dragon Magic: Dragon Pulse Barrage!’ Then hundred of mana pulse robes fired from their mouth each and rushed toward Elorah who in responses altered her cannon to gentling guns and fired in repaid succion, this time, they their attacks met! As No a stream of Mana pulsed and bottles rained all over the arena causing massive explosions as the people looked on at what seems like an endless stream on fire works. They both fired as though there was no tomorrow. But only Elorah was screaming, she was putting everything she had into the attack, everything and screaming her lungs out, while Hope silently stood staring her down. It was a war field now as many of the blast made their way into the city and broke through the shielding as the people who were conscious were screaming, the city was being destroyed. 
In a moment a child in the city who was trying to shake her mother awake look out and saw some pulses coming her way as she closed her eyes and wrapped her arms around her mother, then in a instant the child opened her eyes, she was one the outerside the city, as she looked on around her more and more people popped out of nowhere, as more and more people appeared. In a moment the people in the arena were also outside the city as Even Dio, Rui and Konner were out the city. Tenma looked on as he grabbed Pino and her child and used his tool to fly out, Tunde and Tola teleported themselves out as they looked on at the city from a distance now. They were shocked as they noticed all the people popping though. As Tunde stared blankly at the sight as the city was like a battlefield, as thousands of pulsed rained all over the whole city destroyed all present as he asked his father quietly: “Just how strong is she, to be able to do all this while teleporting million of people?” Tola simply gripped his fist tightly: “She a monster, like Mira. Their nothing more than monsters Son!” 

Elorah noticed that change in the surrounding as she kept firing and screamed out through the nightmarish collisions and explosion as she spoke through her armours sound amplifiers as that was all that could pass in this mess: “You dare to waste your mana your energy in saving the people, the masses around us, how dare you not face me with your have, or are you so sentimental that this is all you can manage?” Hope looked on as she responded, her  voice was gentle and soft as it was as though she was  standing right next to Elorah as she spoke: “Ah, but I am… I putting everything I have into this, and I need witnesses, I want all the Spirits to remember this day, non shall die, so that all can tell their children of the day Elorah died screaming in agony! Oh what a wonderful story that shall be indeed. The tail of the so called queen, and the decimation of her duct ball of a city. I promise you Elorah, I promise you that I will won’t just kill you, I will destroy you and everything you stand for, everything you’ve built. I will put your done, like the Broken useless tool you are!” Her voice was now roaring as Hope pushed the blade deeper into the earth and spread her arms and wings wide, in that moment the dragons unleashed more fire power as their output started to increase and the power from their pulses were amplified now, soon more and more where getting past Elorah’s one and striking on her shield, she was being outmatched in this war of attrition, as more and and more of these pulse crashed on her shield, the more Elorah sweated, she was now desperate as she noticed her shields starting to crack, more and more. In that moment she told Selis: “Active the engine of decimation!” Selis paused as she added: “That isn’t wise and you know it, she can clearly absorb and retired attacks, that was clear when she stopped that initial blast, we can’t risk it…” “Shut up, and do it, I don’t care, I refuse to lose, I refuse to lose that worthless nat, that useless woman, I refuse! So just shut up and do as your told!” In moment Elorah left the armour which was still firing on at Hope as she flew as high as she could: Selis Ultimate Tool-Art: Celestial Armoury - Blade of Decimation!” As she floated high, Selis screamed out within Elorah as she released her most refined mana and ore, forming a new armour around Elorah, on of level 9 but amplified to level 10 through the missions she was connected to, it was going to be the end of all things indeed, as the armour gloaded with a Holy white light. The Spirits looked up and were blinded as in that moment the Spirits who were connected to Elorah, no started to scream out, they were in agony indeed, as they cried out while Elorah was now truly pulling it all done, Then the blade that formed within Elorah’s hand was a different class, made of all 15 mana types, it was the Ultimate weapon, even greater then the power of the 3 grand Tools of Selis. This was on a different scale indeed, as she started to fall like a shooting star towards Hope. 
Hope didn’t look up, her head was facing the ground then in a moment she took the blade into her left hand, and moved her right hand to the hilt of the blade preparing to pull it out as in that moment all 15 of her marks started glow, then she spoke, her words landed within Elorah ears and were clearly noted by all connected to her: “Do you know the name of this blade… Temper was the original name, this one is a different blade, I want you to know the name of the Tool that will take your life, so hear it well for I will engrave onto your very core!” She pushed the blade out with her left thumb and caught it as it was being pushed out with her right hand, in that instant all the mana all over the city, the 10 dragons around her, then the very energy emitting from the armour she left behind, every bit of mana within her range and it exceeded the city by miles as Elorah screamed out in pure rage as she gripped her blade with both hands and flew down and swung it with every she had! In that moment Hope pulled the blade out fully and then held it with both hands as she swung it with a high arc as the voice of Iris echoes in her mind: “This blade requires your to put everything you into it, every bit of yourself, out your very core into it to draw it out and scream its name with your core!” As Hope roared out: “IRANE!” And it made contact with Decimation, the resulting shockwave destroyed the whole Arena and covered the city with a great and blinding light, it was extreme indeed as it ripped through the city, was turned to dust near the site and the walls on the out edge broke down, The people on the side braced as the shockwave reached them and sent waves of dust and earth to them.

In a moment a Dima appeared in a white form as though made of the collected mana from the whole fight, as the she roared with pure power, the blade decimation cracked and broke at the contact point with the blade Irane. Elorah’s eyes widened with pure shock as she her blade was shattered and she was forced back high into the sky by the form of Dima. She was sent high into the clouds, then in an instant the dragon was gone as now Hope was above her in the sky, her prepared to draw it as she screamed out with full force and rage, she out all she had into the finals swing as she drew Irane again and Dima appeared as she swung it down and sent Dima roaring right at Elorah, as she roared and unleashed every bit of stored up mana, everything she had as the initial explosion from early finally came to life and detonated high onto the air, ripping through downwards. The sky shined so brightly that it seemed like the whole worlds was being bather in mana, Elorah was right at the centre of it all as she took it full on, her armour broke as she fell down with the blast and landed as the whole city was destroyed in its entirety. The Spirits braced as they held out fr minutes to let the world around them settle. 
After several minutes they look out to see nothing but a deep crater where the city was, there was nothing, nothing left at all! As the Spirits connected to Elorah came to, they all screamed out in pure fear screaming of the pain as Tenma tried informing Pino who jumped awake screaming and riving in agony on the ground, she was screaming of the pain: “It hurts, it hurts so much, I can’t its to much… Why, who am I alive?” She screamed out as well as her child as both were now screaming out. Dio and Rui noticed the same thing all around them as the people reawaken and screamed out in pure agony, screaming their lungs out in horrifying pain. It was a horror sight as they noted: “She commands him, she commands Irane, the Empress commands Irane, she commands Irane. Konner was confused by this indeed, he was so stunned as he asked; “Why are they speaking the Emperors name? What do they mean that she command him?” Dio and Rui’s eyes widened, they knew a lot, but hearing this was almost shocking, indeed to them. As they simply looked on at the people, while their families and friends tried to calm them down. 

{Now the core that  is wielded by Hope is the core that commands Iris, and when she uses Kazemi’s drive over 1/10 of the limit, she is granted the conceptual power of the Forge of Kazemi, the same forge that was created from the mana within Irane during the trial. It give her access to the Forge and direct access to ‘Irane’— one half of his keys, the key to the forge. It allows Hope full access to forging using the mana that it placed before it. Every time Hope oped pulled the blade just slightly, she was her conceptual ability to pull all the mana in the surrounding instant into the blade, pushing it to the forge were a new tool was being forge, a Tool form of Dina, who’s form is now a Tool from created with Irane’s Blood and The mana from around, a tool made from all around it. It With the Drive over 1/10 Hope was able to use this power to the max and above, able to pull all mana instantly into the blade with her core ability, and feeding into the forge. 

She was Kazemi’s Forge: “Iris” and called her using the blade: “Irane” which is the key to the forge, which will make a new Tool Dima form. IN this case Hope forged a weapon dragon form based on the Tool’s and Mana she pulled in from the suit of armours and Elorah’s and Selis merged mana, Dima in the active form now was able to draw the mana fro Elorah’s core directly as she core’s mana was apart of him. Plus he was forged from all their clashing mana, Hope was making sure to pull most of the explosion from their collations into the forge to ensure Dima would be perfect for it. 

The blade Irane controls the very forge metal and source, thus who is Dima remade though her conceptual nature and manipulating the core mana from his very sell cores, as she pulled the 80% power force he unleashed and they were able to reach that limit! The power that took both Vraka and Selis was what she was using now through the forge. }

In the rubbled city Elorah was shaking as she was struggling to breath, she was alive… with a missing arm and leg and a massive wound on her back, as she was coughing out blood, and trebling unable to move, she looked to the side as she saw Hope walking towards her as she called out to Selis who was silently trebling in pure fear as she noted: “That impossible, she created a tool from your mana, no that dragon is a tool, she made t from the mana she collected from us, and when that final blow, she forced all out mana out into this explosion, she commanded the mana from our very cores out… She like Mana, she like my father… she’s a conceptual, a monster…” As in that moment Hope was no over Elorah’s body as she took Irane and struck into her gut with force, then Elorah was screaming in pure agony as mana from the blade seemed to pull the remaining pit of mana she had left and poured out mana into her body, it felt like Liquid Metal was forming all within as Hope stood over Elorah: “I don’t understand, Why, why do this, why become so pathetic?” Elorah was riving in pain as she tried to speak: “Because, I had…” Hope kicked her in face as she tired to speak, and again, and again. Then she knelt down over Elorah and pulled her face closer: “I don’t give a damn, about why, all I care about is making sure your final moment are in humiliating agony! Irane  Kazemi wasn’t able to finish you, so I gladly finish the job, as she started to punch Elorah over and over again. She kept on for what seemed like forever and Elorah didn’t did, no the blade Irane made sure of that, to ensure that no blow was lethal, yet all strike were beyond painful. She was relentless as Elorah’s blood was all over her. The people were able to watch as the screens and displays close to the city edge were still functional. The people looked on in pity for their leader who was simply being beaten to death now. She had done this to so many as Hope hurled insult after insult to her: “Oh, I know why you became like this, you daddy didn’t love you enough, you were consider worthless and trash, oh how right he was indeed, your nothing but trash, your neither worth killing, no worth keeping alive, your nothing, do you understand me Elorah, you sad pitiful witch, you pile of useless scrape and filth… you are nothing.” Hope kept screaming as she kept delivering blow after blow. It didn’t stop, not until she was satisfied. After some time Hope was breathing heavily as she was now covered in the blood of Elorah whose face was pummelled beyond recognition, he chest caved in and her remaining limbs broken into mush. She was in all rights dead, how she was breathing was simply a miracle. No it was the work of a being who had control over principle that most considered impossible as Hope noted: “Your only alive, because my blade wills it, Irane(Blade) wills it, for I will it! Ive had enough, enjoy death, you worthless pill of SHIT!” She said as she pulled her blade out of her guts and took a deep breath in and out as she wiped the blood of her sword and put it back into its sheath. In a moment Hope looked up into the sky: “Rest in peace Coral, you have been avenged!” As she fell down and returned to her normal human form, the blade Irane formed back into the original black blade of Temper as her form reverted back. 
 



Part 9.3.2: The Goddess of Perfection 

As the 2 battles concluded at the same time, the Ascen in the rest of the Ascen nation had their chance to see both, and how they took place, in real time. Niro had made it what the Ascen would consider a holiday, a silent day of celebration as to welcome Arai into the Vane family. At this moment Axola raged into the room, asking what that was, trying to confront Arai, as Niro looked at him with a glare, it was a simple warning, one he would heed as he moved back as Clapped as he opened the communication channels and spoke to all the Orians, world wide: “It is with great pleasure that I announce that in the battle of Zoe Navar vs Azen Lucerne: Zoe Navar has claimed the victory, and in the battle of Hope Apolo vs Elorah Serph: Hope has won! As of this moment Hope and Zoe are to be made the new leaders and rulers Spirits and Alma moving forward. As we now look upon this I would like to remind you all of the great sign this is as we are now truly entering a new age in the history of the Orians history books, yes the death of those who. Have stood for over a millennium, have been taken out by the new generation of this age. This is the age of when we see the rebirth of the Orians. My people, we have been reunited once again by the war we wage against the Primals and their human weapons. And we also have to contend with the ever present threat of the Apexian. We have seen a new age, and it will be lead by Arai Vane!” He said as he gestured towards Arai who was now prompted to stand by her father in laws side, as he looked at him with nothing but a smile of pure pride. The most terrifying aspect for her was the pure honesty of it. She was good at reading people, and she knew Suu truly felt about her, she was nothing but a useful tool for that man, never anything beyond that. And she accepted it, Arai understood how much more valuable you are to someone when you’re useful. And she had no choice. This moment felt impossible, it felt like a dream as she stood in front of Billions who were now chanting her name, the name of the woman who taught the Hope and Zoe the Alma and Spirits who now stand as the rulers of each of their people. Everyone screamed Arai Vane endlessly as Arai looked on she couldn’t help as she smiled. A smile that shocked Aliya, as this was new, it had a different side to Arai, she was worried as she wondered if she saw that right, that instant, that smile… no that was the smile of Arai but something felt very off in that moment as even Soul confirmed he felt something in that moment from Arai, but it was far to quick, like a flicker in reality that was fixed instantly. Arai raised her hand to quite the people, as all the screaming came to a halt. Her mind was working overtime now, she couldn’t help but play her role perfectly. The perfect woman to lead the Orians, to a new tomorrow, what her next words would show would be the tomorrow they will have as she spoke with certainty and authority, her voice was both sweet and fire, while being truly treating and awe inspiring, it was in that moment the perfect tone it inspire: 
“My Ascen, My Alma, My Sprits, My fellow Orians. As Hope and Zoe Stand victories, we must now celebrate and until under one banner, one flag as we much on to finish the war that was started Millennium ago, a war that Lord Aevum himself started, we have put to rest all those who have stood from that bygone Era!” 
There was a loud gasp and shocked expression at the words Arai spoke, they felt blasphemous for a moment, then hopeful…: “We must put to rest all that Lord Aevum started, how can we ever move on and bring his visions when we are still dealign with the foes that existed back then, no… We will end the war with the Primals, once and for all, for once we put them in their place beneath our feet, when they are nothing more then those who serve the Orians, we put an end to it and one we have done that, then we can begin anew indeed. I promise you all that when this war with the Primals is over, a new chapter in the history of Orians will be written{She raised her right hand high in the air} with very hand! Lets us all work to bury the past and move to a new age, an age where Aevum’s will is realised as she move forward from his vision and we bring it to life indeed, we will create the Ultimate being, the ones who shall stand as the pinnacle of the Orians. Lord Aevum defeated Elorah and Azen but he kept them alive. Now they are dead, as we have finished that which he started, next we will end the war that began in his age, we will put it to an end! And then and only then can the new age begin! Who is with me!? Who shall stand with me as we build out tomorrow?” As rumble of billions broadcasted all over the world. The Spirits by the cratered ash and dust crater of their dead city, and the Alma in the new forest city, the tree and forest that grew from Assa’s died die, it still stands, but K’sNature is back inside Assa. The city feels as though it was a new living biom, wth the shining sun now shining through the rubbled Mountain, it was a new world, indeed. Thee city saw this as a sign as in this moment they all saw Hope and Zoe as truly the next leaders as they screamed their names out all over their continents. But it was a quite recognition that Arai was the now on the top. It was seen now as she sent them. And it wasn’t hard to see as now Arai’s very name was seen in reverence, even Niro was inspired as he screamed out as the King: “Today we Celebrate the victories for Hope and Zoe, tomorrow we Mourn and accept the lose of Elorah and Azen, then we put an end to the War with the Primals!!” The world came to life, as the Orians now cheered under one breath: “Arai!, Arai!, Vane!, Vane!…” It was incredible was Arai felt as the centre of the whole universe, as the point of it all. It was an exhilarating sensation. 

In the week that follow Arai had absolute control over all of Orians. Hope and Zoe were moved to their respective Human development sights. It was set that those would be the new locations of the main city. Arai within that week was able to give the Alma the ability to stay and create proper houses with the Trees and Environment, while with Spirit, she helped them improve the way the Ca-Tec was used, with teh tools, as she should them how to engineer their enviornment and worlds. She even created theorise for how to make use of Elorah and Vraka as proper Tools for the use of the Alma and Spirits, she created the theories but couldn’t test them as Vraka and Selis cores needed new masters, now in this situation the main person who would take over would be the child, but this was a new for the Alma and Spirits, as amny different camps formed. Now Niro was the one handling it directly, it was a political mass on to whom it was supposed so go to. The messiest part was the conflict between Droom and Azura. The Alma broke of into 2 separate camps depending on who the power should go to, now in the Spirit side, it was more complex as Tenma actually didn’t want the positions and power and wanted Pino to have it. It was a confusing outcome which made sense only if this was not an honour but a curse. And that is how Tenma felt like, he wanted nothing to do with it. Now the issue was that most people consider Pino to inexperienced and young, and that she was not the right choice, while now refusing that Pino get it for favour of Tenma. It was creating massive waves of friction. It was a deserter of a mess that Niro was dealing with directly. 
Now at this time Arai was on the Top of her position. She was in a lack of a better word in pure bliss. The power and the ability to change so much. She was preparing military plans and strategies for ending the war with the Primals. She didn’t want to annihilate and kill them all, no she simply wanted them to surrender and end this pointless conflict, but she wanted to ensure that thy has a more leverage. He plan was to continue the war once the storm cooled down, then push the Primals into a desperate positions, she wanted to fully capture and alter the ruined city of Heaven as a base and set it as their main attack base to the Pirmals on Earth. And the plans and ideals were on a terrifying scale. Aliya noted how so many lines were being crossed as so many lives would be lost, not just on the Primals side but the Orians and Humans to. This was going to reshape and alter the course of the war, it would make all the conflicts until now seem like a warm up as Aliya wondered just how far she was planing ahead, the plans where sent and analysed. 
Now under Arai’s command, the Spirit-Humans who were to be marked with a new flag design of the red Dragon mark symbol for Hope, while the Alma-Humans were marked with a beast insignia with circular shape with claws and fangs on the sides, in a green mark. Now even Arai marked the Ascen-Humans who she commanded, with the time phoenix symbol. She even removed it to be the new updated symbol of the Nexal house, Aliya was the first to get it, at this time Aliya was seen as the right hand of Arai, Even Tenza started to see beyond the innocent facade she had, as now Aliya was considered one of the most powerful people, the woman who was by Lady Arai’s side, her shadow. And many didn’t see the dangerous monster beneath. Now Arai Gave Aliya absolute authority over her forces when she wasn’t there. It was strange for her as people all started to see her… people bowed wherever she walked by. Even Dio and and Rui were now elevated as Aria gave Dio full rein and control over the main Spirits of Hope, as she was still unconscious and resting. Zoe was in the south cities to with Assa and Leo in charge, now the issue within this was how Leo thought he would be promoted to take over, but it was Assa that Arai choose as she announced that it was her and Dio leading for the time being. He felt in all rights disrespected, and unseen. But even he could understand, he understood everyday he went to the Alma capital, the tree that was not the very city its itself. The symbol of Assa’s power right there for all to see. And the simple fact that they all heard how Zoe claimed she was worthy, and marked her with the beast mark that they all tattooed now, she was the one who ruled not him. 
Rui was happy for her and even noticed how Leo was jealous while remind him how this wasn’t a game. The tide was truly shifting within all camps. Now Within the Spirits and Alma, Aliya was the one who they talked to, many times it was clear that Aliya was truly in a different mode seeing all her new responsibilities. She was someone who was the perfect infiltrator based on well she can take a role and lead, and being the right hand of Arai was a demanding job indeed but she wasn’t just surviving, but thriving in it. Dio and Assa noted how she seemed different grown up. She became the no nonsense type of person who leaned in on Rui and Leo who were at this point not pulling their weight, and this was so transport by how Aliya would assign Konnar for missions over him simply because he was in reality, better them him and this allowed him to spend more time with Assa as jealousy, anger and resentment was growing towards Konner and Aliya, a month passed of this as in that short time Niro watched the world Arai was remaking and forming, it was in truth all entrancing for him as he watched it all transpire. He was far too excited as he summoned Tola and Tenza. He wanted to get information for what they called Aevum’s will as he asked directly: “What is Aevum’s will on the time matter of Arai Tola?” He was bowing and in a red robe: “His will is clear on this indeed, she is favoured by him indeed, as one who was born from the core that connects us all, she is apart of it indeed and thus she is favoured!” Then Niro looked over to Tenza as he was in blue robes as he spoked: “This has all gone according to Noxa's Game, indeed, this has all gone accord to his plan indeed.” Niro took a deep breath as asked the two of them sit by the table now instead of bow, as he pulled a special sealed bottled from what seemed like a Primordial tech(Prim-Tech) that was a casket, he opened it with his mana as he stated: “This was sealed by Noxa himself, stated to be opened on this day! To think that it would be our generation that will bear witness to his Aevum’s will and destiny and prophecy! Gentleman it is time!” He opened the box as it was a book as well as a bottle of win, the book was written: Noxa Nexal: Temporal Game!{AKA: Noxa’s Game} Then he poured all three of them a drink, the same win that was  drunk by Aevum and Noxa, and Darkki Ardent the three legends of their life as they now the 12th Generational Decedents would see the visions of tomorrow as they all took deep breaths and they started to speak more ideally. This was truly a new sign, a new world. Tola couldn’t help bu show his joy indeed. Tenza wasn’t sure how to feel after all he felt like he robbed his father this honour, It was now as he looked at the book that would be unsealed today, and today alone. As they would all learn the truth of world, they all each prepared themselves for the prophesied day as Niro stated: “Lets do the final preparations and set up, let us see our ancestors goals. 
IN that day as the world was still healing as all people prepared themselves for the one holiday all enjoyed, the stellar Day, or Mana’s Birthday, it was said that he came to this world when all 15 moons appear in the sky on the same day, now the moons of Orians are very interesting indeed as they are actually directing moons that hover and enter in-between Limobo and Orians’s World, and each showed one of the 15 pillars based on the dimension of them. Even the sky of Apexia was the same on this day there would be none of the moons In the sky of APexia it was said that this was the final day of the ld year, the Primals in Apexia where preparing for it as this was what was called new years day, for them. The day which all simply give thanks to the. Now the Primals have a belief that each moon is directly connected to a Pillar and it showed that they are choosing a new core to destow and bless on that day. So many families have this “somewhat proven theory” That if a child is conceived on the day a specific moon configuration, then that child would be blessed by that present moon, pillar. And it was said that on a day where there were no moons, no one was supposed to have sex or try to conceive a child, as also 2 weeks before hand, it was a really instresting theory indeed, as that is what Irane thought then the Isoke requested that Irane make it a law that no one is to have sex in the following days. As Irane laughed by her explanation. But he agreed as he saw it as a way for people to stop lusting and control themselves.” Isoke was pleased as Irane asked her: “Tell me, why do you want to partake in a tradition with such reverence when you don’t believe in it?” Isoke took a breath as she said: “I know I may not seem like it, but I heard a lot of the childish stories from my childhood, and you must understand that my childhood was in the time when the Primals were full on sacrificing their cores to the Trail. This wasn’t just some myths to use, they are what makes us Primals. Our dark and uneatable past, I won’t forget it, and whether I like it or not these stories saved me more times then I can count. Just like how Valariya’s story brought that child in me who died decades ago back to life, I want the people to have traditions, and I don’t think this is a bad one. It’s a start anyway…” Irane nodded: “I agree, is there anything you need help with?” Now Irane was still recovering while still stilling in the thrown within his armour Sanctuary. He was communicating with Isoke as a spirit mana form, that allows him to project and exert his cores will within the city of Paradise absolutely. He couldn’t also expand ot the other 4 cities after Pandro connected them. 

In the months after the war Irane was sealed within the core palace room after taking the cores he was owed by his people and gifting them with Kazemi’s cores, on of his very cells cores, and this was a big deal indeed as those would be Valariyan’s, and they would be the only ones permitted within the city of Paradise, now this caused some major issues with the other Apexian’s as they where now forced to be in either Tulla or within Sentia. Now Mira was leading a charge with the main forces taking possession against the Feral-Ferali and Celestials. They were extremely powerful weapons who noe due to the mana from mana Irane, Vraka and Selis. It allowed them to evolve to a new level within the realm with a primaodial set mana set. Amplified by their own masters mana. It made kale 5 Ferali level 6, same with the Celestials. They were monsters, but they had a beast and combination like nature to them. As the Ferali were like an ecosystem of beast who lived in a Hades which sank and morphed to a Massive Structure Based on Time and Space Magic. It was now deeply interacted and it was fully morphed into a city which all known biome, even having a deep see side, which was both fresh and salt Walter, the city was both underground and on the surface, with the underground section being in truth a continent sized city pieces and world, a boim the Ferali calmed. With there special class of Beasts, now They categorised each beast clan based on the Alpha beast, now this rake was given only you beats of level 8, which there was only 2 known and they were Mira’s targets which she took down and captured, now Pandro had to go and capture Ether which was now in a distorted mana a city both on the earth and outstretched within the sky, morphed by the Same space/Time elements with the life/death element being bound. The city was an amalgamation of a living ever transforming world, as well and changing floating monuments. Now the Celestial also had unbelievably powerful combination. They were lead by what was know as an Alpha tool, one who could merge and add other tools too them. Making major mergers  and clusters of beings. Now there was also 2 majorly powerful level 8 celestials that Pandro had to capture. 
Now it was at this time that Pandro and Mira had requested Irane to help them learn how to tap into the power of the Will properly and how to truly master it. They both know the Will’s were special but they were too much as Irane noted yes, as he would challenge them to master their abilities more by doing rather them learning, and learning in pure combat and survival environments where they would need to truly be pushed to survive. As he revealed he was the one who was who set Hades and Ether to be the way they are. As now they would be in the enviornment and tasked with taking the life of the one of the 2 Alphas. It was truly insane as Irane would tell them the truth of the seal as he called Urial and Dokia as well. He would inform them as such with Summari ad Nighla Present: “Listen up, I will only explain this once so make sure you don’t forget it!” They all leaned in closer to get the info: 
“
The seal that Arai placed, the incomplete one allows me 2 things, and in order for you to grasp that you need to understand. Enari was created from the mana of Zoe, while Iris was created from Hope’s mana, I figured this out a long time ago when I first realised who they were after coming to life. Now the seal works by specifically containing my main Primordial-Conceptual nature. Now the truth of it is how Arai was doing the trials. I’m not fully sure who she did it, for me I only truly remember it more like a dream, but my mind was erased and I mean completely erased, everything. Even my subconscious. Now Minia was specifically trying to imbue mana into human bodies with the hope of creating artificial cores. Now when I was on the realm of the 15 pillars, that was because I disobeyed while obeying. I was completing a mission while killing myself. It was in that moment when I choose to die that I remember it was my first memory. Now I want you to understand that the order that the pillars gave me, was an order to live, to be alive as a conscious being, now this body was simply driven by the subconscious nature formed while I was fighting Enari. For me it feels like I did it in a dream, but in truth what I am is the reincarnate of the person who was me, before me. The person who erased themselves completely, Now the being who was me, was give the order to Live by Katie before he truly died and made me his reincarnations. The core I have, my main core was the core of Kazemi, his core is mind, but there is more to it, I couldn’t just use it, my mind wouldn’t let me, it tried to stop me as though my mind trying to stop me from waking up. It was hell as I had to kill 37.2 trillion version of myself. I had to do that as my first memories, while I had no idea what this body even was. And I fought, Its why my middle name is Core! I am the core that reigns supreme within this form. Trust me I know full well how terrifying the thing in my head is, how terrifying I can be when im under the influence of Arai’s will!” 
There was a pause as Hope Asked him to clarify: “Wait don’t you mean Kazemi Will?” Irane tilled his head as she stated: “When I was reincarnated I was brought back as the consciousness. But I also have a tool and beast who were born from the mana of Zoe and Hope refined and changed over 88 Millions years of evolutions, the cores I created, the command cores, where in truth my Bodies’s Evolution Core, then there my Hearst Tools/Core creation system. Now each of my Drive cores when active connect with my Forge and Biome, which is fine, I can control my forge and Biome though my main core, of course there is a limit in terms of if they use it for over an 1 it can be real problematic, the real issue comes to my mind, If my mind, my conscious was created from the core order for me to live. Now my mind had Arai’s mana in it… do you understand?” Pandro opened his mouth in shock: “Kazemi’s Will is in truth Arai’s Conceptual Core, it’s her Will that drives you and acts as your subconscious.” Irane agreed as he stated: “Now if Hope and Zoe connect to the drive, they gain access to Enari and my Biome, and Iris and my Forge. For Arai she gains access to my conceptual subconscious. And I can promise you that at my very core, I am a tool, I am the ultimate tool. The issue comes with how I interrupt orders. I will always want to fuful my orders perfectly. It’s why the order to complete the seal with the cores of Arai’s love was such a strange thing. SO I did, or rather my very being did. Arai main core and my Mind Core made from the same mana, as well as Iris and Hope’s cores and Zoe and Enari. You could say Arai’s, Hope’s and Zoe’s Cores are the origins of the 3 aspects of me. I had reverse ingerneer cores from the outside in, how to create cores from just mana, as my per death each of my cells altered to a proto-core. Now I had to master the art of creating a core from mana directly. It took centuries. I inherited those feelings, those millannium of work. The subconscious remembers well. Right now I see it as a fairy tale, instead of the true horror it was. Arai can change that, for you see she can control me because she has the ability to truly make me give me all. Its a dangerous power, which is were the Will drives come from. I made them from the design of a human core from my Design core, after that I could create new bodies from my cells, So it was really easy to pull of, I remade all your bodies around my will, my person will. Not Kazemi’s. So now you can see that the Will Cores are ment to oppose there Drive cores, When my Drive is active, my Will must also be active, that way my humanity and understanding of the emotions, soul and intentions of a person, its very useful against The Drive, Even if I relay 99% I will still retain my humanity amplified by you through my own core, you guys ensure that my humanity is present in all stages. It allows me to be me, but it won’t work if I go to 100%, now then just run, You can’t beat me then, but it will all depend on my emotions. Arai commands me directly. Now I created the command core of creation and ending to be. When my drive is active my Will must be active. Now Urial and Dokia won’t have any issues, even Summari and Nighla won’t really change based on how they were in all rights born with the Primordial cores, so for them its normal, but for you Mira and Pandro, it feels like a shift in reality, like your minds are being altered and morphed, and that’s the issue, you have consciousness before it, so it will take adjustment, just like it will take adjustment for you to master it, the really issue is Aliya, in truth I left Aliya with Arai cause if Arai ever activates the drive, well, lets just say it might be a very very bad for everyone involved!” Summari wondered as she asked: “I mean I get that her mind its the conceptual of your mind, but why can’t she access it?” Nighla was the person who answered: “Because she isn’t herself anymore, she isn’t mom anymore, she is Kazemi’s will personified, the one person who can order our father to kill every singles human in the world and he would do it in a heartbeat!” Summari noted: “And that’s bad because? I mean were command cores and we don’t have that issue!” 
Irane replied: “You cores are like mine, well almost… You see Summari has the command core of beginning, and is connected to my creation core, in my left shoulder, while nighla your core is the core of my ending, which is connected to my destruction core. But of you both have a my main core, which is the point between infinite, the core of the dragon of the universe, it allows your both when you use your drive to tap into the middle, ending and beginning! So I have have Summari’s right hand, and Nighla’s left hand, while they have my arms, and Summari’s left arm is the ending, while Nights right hand is that of the beginning. It is very complex, but for use we can combine these 3 cores and made them 1, I can do it with my main core exclused, that is is 0-50% of the power of my artificial core, if I go over 50% then my main core is what truly takes over as they combine and become one, unlike your cores mine is more unstable and far more powerfully. You can tap into it and access the middle but only for a limited time, based on your own will. SO that is what makes you 2 unique, I can order you from within my core or without. When Hope and Zoe have no choice if Arai activates the core, you 2 do, and that makes a massive difference as it ensures a slower connections. 
Now you get it, if any of my drives are active them my corresponding drive must also be active, and so I will teach you all about it.” In truth Irane saw the seal as a stop gap, he knew himself well, and he knew the terror of Arai when she lost her composure, she was the most dangerous person in his life in a sense, she could control him, and make him obey, that power was what made Irane more worried, as Arai also had a deeply logical sense of things. She was brilliant, but also very very bad at dealign with her own emotions and thoughts, she was a ticking time bomb and when not if, when it goes of, all pray for that day, for Kazemi’s will is absolute! 
Now Mira and Pandro took month just to get used to using a bit of it, but in the plains of Hades and Ether, they grew faster and more directly as they were in constant danger, where they had to use the drives while saying in control. Controlling and directing Mono while not succumbing to the insanity that is his creativity. Then with Mira it was a matter of controlling it, as she was the one who was holding the key to the system. She could directly activate the drives automatically, a power formally held by Urial, now give to Mira. With that the job to direct and stop someone who is using the drive 
[Now the most dangerous person who must not simply use the drive is Arai due to how she is set as the conceptual of his subconscious as we will explain]

Now Niro has summoned Arai to the Vane household, now on this day Aliya was going to the South city which at this point was functioning as a her base of operations. Now Niro called Arai over under the false pretence that she was being called to see some of Niro’s forbidden work. The work he had not shown too the public as Arai arrived without suspecting anything to be a miss, this was not the first time she had to come to Niro alone, but there was something off indeed. Now Aliya was the main person who directed the City when Arai was busy. Arai arrived no shock to see Niro who still had that intense smile as he invited her in and they began to walk in she noticed how the facility had strange markings within the walls as they moved on, soon they entered a spacial protect created and set up by an Ardent. Arai looked around the walls as she saw symbols of the Vane, Ardent and Nexal clans logos, then as they carried on it showed all the leaders from all three major families standing in the central chamber, it was huge with 3 major doors with magi symbols. The ceiling had a design opening allowing the light from the sky to enter, as the design aligned each of the 15 opening with the 15 moons, And the Ardent Family standing by the  Space moon, The Vane by the Energy moon, and herself Nexal by the Time Moon as she now stood looking on from the Vane wall. They entered as Niro spoke: “Arai, do you know what it means to be the next leader, do you know why we choose you out of all people to handle this. DO you have any comprehension of what you are?” There was a silent breeze that flowed in the room as Arai looked around and noted how this felt like a cult vibe, it was clearly a sacred place of importance, as Arai added: “No, I don’t know but I would like to know!” That reply made Niro smile slightly as he placed Arai in the centre of the room and told her: “We of the Vane, Ardent and Nexal have stood as the primary holders of the 15 principles. You could say it is the 15 families we have with Orians. The Vane’s as the energy, Nexal for Time, Ardent for space, and so on. We had Elorah as the moon of harmony, while Vraka was the Moon of Chaos, but we have all three sets still filled with Hope and Zoe. We have them to fill that in. IN truth Arai, there is a lot you don’t fully comprehend…” 
He said as in that instant there was a flash of light on all the walls, as in that moment Arai noticed that they were over a lab, a lab filled with Pure human children which caught her by surprise, more so the fact that he branded the children with her marker, even showing them a exposed and person forms. Hundred of upon hundreds of children. In that moment Arai couldn’t help but feel a rising form oz of hatred she turned about to demand answers, but in that instant she was bound by a time space net, It was shot by Tenza and set up by Tola and Tunde who were also present. They all set up a Time-Space-Energy Prison net around Arai, she was bound into the area she was at, she time magic was bound down as Tenza shot 4 more arrows striking all four of her limbs. Then Tola and Tunde both tightens the space-bound rope, holding her rightly as Niro just looked on with a smile. 

“Come now Arai, I know you’re a sensitive child but this is not the time, you must embody the will of Aevum and continue his legacy as instructed by our ancestors. Look on and see it all Arai.” She snarled as she looked at him:”What are you talking about? Aevum’s will, this is nothing more than some sick cult isn’t it? You’re all nothing more than fools who believe in some dead mans prophecy. All trapped in the past and can’t even see the present or future…” As she was silenced by Niro who was laughing, it started low, and it grew more and more, it went from a sturing laughter to a maniacal roar. HE was laughing with all he had as stated: “Ah, Arai… is it not worth truly looking at your life and asking yourself the genuine truth, you never had a choice. Your know I was shocked when your father told me that you were the key, that you were the special child that Noxa Navel. You are the child the he prophesies would bring about the new age and all I had to do was watch, I just needed to stop and watch was all he told me.” There was a moment of Shock as Niro spoke to directly about her father, he was relentless as he feed her more information with no break, her father, her life, it was all planned, he saw further, and in that moment Niro looked back at Tenza as she smiled: “Your father even told me about his death, and how it would be a tragic moment, but again he told me to simply watch. I wanted to more than anything to see what he ment, and then the world came to a new age. When you were taken, I made sure to send my top operatives and active the many sleeper cells we had within the More, all so I could watch you!” 
Arai stared deeply into the eyes of Niro as Niro simply looked aback with a proud smile as he continued with his monologue: “A you see Arai I know that you directly helped with the creation of Irane Kazemi, I know that you also altered and improved the cores and powers of Hope and Zoe! Oh you see I had it confirmed after I spoke with the Vraka and Selis, they confirmed it clearly, that the cores that they had were beasts and Tools made from Kazemi, made from his power. He is your creation. I know that, and I still watched quietly.” His words shocked the room as Tenza and Tola looked with rage towards him, they felt a deep sense of rage and anger at this. Why, why them? How much did Niro know but not disclosed as he continued: 
“You see Arai, I have been watching you, even as you were under the alias of Cai Consa, I was watching you!” At that name she shuddered, he knew of that as Niro smiled: “Ah, so it is true, thank you for confirming that you were Cai, Arai…” IN that moment Arai blushed in embarrassment at having failed for the mans bluff, as he smiled and laughed: “You know first it was Criya, then I stared to get reports of ghosts and demons. Then Irane stands as the Eighth Champion, I saw it all. I was so amazed at how deeply you imbedded yourself. I saw your touch in every child, as my spies within the Consa informed me of how the woman Cai, and how she was creating monsters with Irane. I didn’t know how you created them, or how he was set, but I know he was a human of note within the resistance, I was able to find out a bit about the Emperor. I was clearly not the only one who knew as that Book spread within the streets, that stupid prophecy.” Arai’s eyes widened as she recalled how the times started to shift after that book, she was to caught up in the research with Irane’s cells and her manipulation of Namo’s research and mind alteration hypnosis. Arai recalled all that she had done and how she justified it, but it came like a crashing river as though it was information she had sealed away, a fact she wanted to forget, back again, then she looked down at the children as Niro laughed, she felt broken as Niro added: “You know your clan has a myth, of the woman in the clan, the dud of Noxa, it is said that Noxa foresaw the future and how different the world was going change with the arrival of the girl with No Time! That was the myth, the dud is that it was called, for us a dud ment your where the one who could truly bring it to foliation. It is why I allowed Suu to take you under his wings and I was proud of that choice by your Father. Oh how he told me to just watch and learn. As I watched you shatter through every Art, you master spells and techniques as though your life was on the line, you truly are a once in a generations child. You are the prophesied child from Noxa. And today is the day your finally accept that fact! You never had a choice, this was always how it was supposed to end, from the day you were born, from before you were born, all you’ve done, it proof of just how perfect Aevum’s will is, as we of the 12th Generation get to bare witness, you will play, and accept your place is the heir of Aevum, you will accept it. 

IN that moment the 15 moons aligned to their respective windows as the room hummed with an intense mana field as Niro gestured to let Tola loosen her right hand, as Arai know had her right hand free, in that moment Niro leaned in as he asked: “How is that…” Ending with Arai slapping him across the face, making all in the room freeze with fear as all Niro did was laugh in pure joy: “Oh, I love it, you truly don’t fear me, you truly are a one of a kind indeed, that is a fact!” 
He revealed his core and he stated to Arai: You see I have the Implanted Light-Darkness core alignment attained from Lord Aevum’s core passed down the generations. We have set and dealt within myself. Now the Nexal clan has all been set as the ones who have all been the clan that sees the future through Nora’s game, and you shall embrace that tonight!” As he said that he pulled the book and placed it in front of Arai as he leaned in with a devious smile but gentle tone said: “This is the destiny foretold about your 1200 years ago, for 12 generation we waited to see what it was that Noxa saw, and now you shall show us!” 
As he pulled back, the book hovered over towards Arai as her right hands was pulled in as though it was being forced to move, Arai tried with all she could to resist but any attempt tighten the nets around her. She finally stopped resisting when the pain became to intense as her hand landed and the book seemed to come to life, as the temporal blue covered book started to glow ever brighter. IN that moment the booked started to flap though its pages as though pulled in all it knew and activated, a force pull, in a moment Arai noticed that the book’s pages had the names of all the Nexal heads, but also all the names of the people in her clan who had Time magic, all of them. As she noticed that each page was cataloging and recording the moves of all Nexal members who have ever played the game, as she saw Nina’s name and her sons name, as she was shocked, but she didn’t see Tenza name, only their fathers Tonga and a few others. Then she she the first pages as it showed Noxa, who seemed to have wiritten the rules of the Game. 
{Note: Noxa’s game is an complex Amalgamation of a board game, which combines the complex features of chess and Go, creating a elemental battle with an initial set of 20 - 1000 different pieces, depending on the game. It is played by having a main piece placed with a specifice core alignment, and this core alignment is marks by the moons present on that night. SO all games are depentedn on the moons, this is More of a game rule. You can play the game with adding any elemental combination by instead of using the moons, they use their own core configurations. This initial piece is like king piece, the first set piece, and any of the legal 30 pieces are permitted. Now In Noxa’s Game, you must play an initial one of placing choosing your own core configuration. Now depending by your core combination you can can assign special combination of elements onto specific pieces, so for example if the core was Time-Electric, They could select any element of Time and Lighting into their army, even Time-Light, or Time-Darkness, even Lighting-Darkness of Light depending on the choice. All these movement matter as your set up your board, to face your opponent you and them have placed all their available board space, all dependent on the 20 - 1000 piece choice, which is chosen by the openers through a coin those. The winner get to select how many pieces are placed. And the war is waged, as all pieces can be placed, while other peices move in and attck and are able to capture specific elemental pieces and creation new elemental mergers pierces, so the initial step moves form just placement to also aquzctsion of more pieces, the game truly begins when all peices are deployed, and whoever has the most pieces well it doesn’t matter. That game ends when every single piece of the enemy is destroyed, all of them. It can move from a gentle game to a violent war, games gave lasted years within the Nexal household as the number of position and moves exceeded any known notions of understanding. The Nexal used the very power of this game in terms os as a metaphor as they could slow and preserve time in a different length in their minds. 
Arai realised in that moment that this board made from the book had a whole within the side, a small one but it was unmissable on the board side, she realised that it was the perfect size for her Tool: H.O.T in its sealed form. As she slowed down, she was now truly understanding the weight of his words, now as this book was open she felt as though it was her time, as she looked on and thought of her life, and how everyone just used her, in that moment she felt a deep sense of sorrow and rage, it was the pits of despair and hopelessness. She raged at it all as she accepted it, she wanted to see what he ment at that moment. She had seen so much that it this point nothing, and she ment nothing could surprise her anymore, she was ready to see what this all lead to, what the point of her existence truly amounted to, as she placed her Tool, in its sealed form, with Crono within it, on the top of the book, as it fit perfectly, there was a silent moment as the book stated to shift to a new page seemed to react to the tool, as her mana flowed into the book, it felt as though the book, was moving back now, further back to the being of the book, as it paused and stopped on the front page, then after a moment Arai decided to activate H.O.T and Crono with the book, which seemed to activate and sync with the ancient book. They pages flipped even further back as new pages appeared from the from of the book, new ones that were sealed in a different time frame, a different type of recording as she noticed billions of pages, billions upon billions of them on this side, and on many of the it was just describing one move, these records made no sense, as she realised that the book already had her name, as she looked on in shock as the first recorded battle logged within the temporal section of the book was written as Kazemi vs Arai Kazemi! That name shocked her as she didn’t understand as she noticed that this game was set with a set number of 1 Trillion Pieces on each side! And it was on a different time scale as Arai noticed how it was a game that lasted a none stop timeframe of 25 Years, ’25 Year!’ That number stuck in her mind as that was how long she was alive before she used time magic, it was strange indeed as Suddenly the book flickered as Arai noticed, that there book was a record of all the Nora’s game ever played, this book was an object that transcended some time. The object was created with minimum of 20 Pieces there was already 19, with Tenza and Nina already on the board as peices, with only 1 last piece missing. This boards last set up was a game already in motion, it was the game that was being played accrues time as Arai realised that every piece was truly beyond an interesting positions, as Arai took HOT from the books edge, she examined it for some time and then hovered it over a square as it formed into a Goddess Pieces of Mana Type Time-Electric, as in that moment all the pieces started to shine as they all a connection to time magic, She realised that the first pieces was set with Time Magic, that was the common bit, as she noticed how her own spaces altered for a moment as though reality took a stand still. The world around her froze as Niro, and the others, Tenza, Tola and Tunde seemed frozen in time now, in that second HOT reacted and glowed bright, then Crono ignited within HOT, as the energy she was releasing connected all over the board, then suddenly the pages under the board of the book cover seemed to ignite and at that moment Arai saw one the other side of the board shift as After she placed her pieces, a creeping smile emerged from the blazing flames of from Crono, and it was the dark smile of Kazemi, as she shuttered in pure horror at the sight of the being, right here and now? As the being who now smiled with a face and form mirroring her own, it was actually her own faces being formed in that Flame as Arai simply froze as Kazemi smiled: “I told you didn’t I, you have no idea what your dealing with here!” She state across from her as she placed a final piece on the board, as she had placed a core down, it was her core, as she realised that all the pieces all the cores that Kazmei(Her clone lookalike, the will of kazemi as we call it) It mimicked her appearance so perfectly, but she had a darker aura, one that made it seem like she was not normal, as though she was of a different nature all together. As she smiled, and placed her final piece her very core, all of their 10 cores, were there. Hope, Zoe, Mira, Aliya, Dokia, Summari, Nighla, and even Urials and Pandro’s and that of her own, each having one condition, putting them together, the 10 cores of what Arai loved, as she smiled and chuckled at it all, as Arai noticed that she 3 additional pieces, the 10 pieces of Irane’s Drive and Will. They were there by her side, but she couldn’t place them. She paused in that instant as she looked on at this being as she stuttered: “What is this, what have you…?” Kazmei started to laugh as she glared at Arai. She was still smiling as she noted: “Oh, did the procedure affect your memory?” 

Arai Kazemi tilted her head to the side as laughed, she laughed as though she had achieved victory as now she held Arai, right where she wanted her, playing in a game that had lasted 1200 years, as Arai eyes widened as she realised that the book was in fact a Kazemi Tool, as she noticed the mark of Kazemi, no this was not just a book, it was a record, like a manuscript taking note of one moment, one game. As Arai looked at the 10 pieces and saw how they were in fact the cores of all the formed members of her clan as she chucked and Arai looked horrified as Aria-Kazemi looked back and spoke: “Of course you’ve figured it out, this is a game I set up after the last time we played and you captured my command cores and beat me. I will break you this time do you understand!!” 
There was to much confusion as Arai noted back to that day, that day in the lab, it shook her, as she realised that even her own mind was hiding a dark memory, she stuttered as she looked at Arai-Kazemi no Kazemi’s will she realised what occurred back then as we see the lab sense from Arai’s perspective. 
As Irane was forged in the trail, he used the mana’s of Hope, Arai and Zoe to create 3 conceptual cores plus the 2 cores of Summari and Nighla, but they were active in their combined state, as his orders were being executed. IN that moment As Irane was receiving the order to live. We see that Irane used the mana from Arai to create his subconscious, a subconscious that was obsessed with Perfection. On set to ensure that all tasks Irane did were perfectly done. It was developed within the subconscious as an amalgamation of energy. Now as the conscious was created from Arai’s Mana. Irane created his first three cores through reverse engineering cores from the mana level backwards. He was facing a being who had no core after all. 

{Note this is in the lore as a section based on what Mana created Kazemi and the trail for, he was being who would kill the twins and free them by creating and freeing the cores of the people connected to them. Now what his true and final power of universal creation was for, but Humans were never accounted for as a form.}
Now in the Lab, Arai, Hope, Zoe were working and aiding Minia with her research under their own reasons, many of being Minia. Now she was focusing on recreating how to prepare people with Ascendent mana. Now Minia wanted to create and send in humans with core prototypes. They were working on creating artificial cores, Cores that would power the dragon. Now They succeeded, but not entirely, as Minia perfected her Mana-Saturation technique, but using Arai guidance to draw only their pure Time, Space, and Life/Death natures. And how she needed to draw and surpass their Electric, Nature, Energies’s This allowed them to add their mana signatures, their direct core mana signatures into the body. Now this was done to the 888,888,888 human subjects who Minia added, they didn’t see any success as on the years they moved it as more of a side project as they moved to develop and strengthen cores and bodied, as Arai focused on set her seal she made in the academy with Suu onto humans, in truth he was using Minia to also perfect mana being inscribed into the body, She was in trash creating a way to mark a human with the seal, and placing it around a being. It was being complex, but With Minia’s Space-Life/Death Core, Arai was able to truly perfect it, as this was set as the mana-saturation and inscription technique, as we learn that each of the humans had these mana spells, when going in. It was designed by Arai to actual never be able to succeed. Now the fact it was never set to work was so Minia wouldn’t get her wish, while she could test out more on the humans. She was dark and practical. As she added impossibly compact level 10 mana signatures on each humans, ones so complex it made no possible sense for activation. It would require an impossible amount of power. As Arai started to actually create more and more complex signatures. Of spells far beyond level 10, far beyond, as they were more theoratical spells. Spells that would be considered impossible to ever activate. Ever. She was still working on creating more insane impossible spells, on all the humans, all of them. When it came to each, they all died without even having the seals powered up. Now the theory was that the humans didn’t have cores, so they would absorb the energy from the dragon into the person, giving a much accelerated power. Now Arai created Many different spells, but on Z she decided to place her newest and more impossible, It was the spell sequence of Creating Cores…
I would like to repeat, the Mana-inscription placed on Irane was Creating Cores, of course the spell was just an impossible theory, it couldn’t be, and never ever be activate. Plus she made it as a joke, the spells wouldn’t work either way…” These were the thoughts of Arai as she placed each and every one of the mana-inscription onto the bodies of people. Hope and Zoe noticed how Arai was starting to enjoy it, as she created many more insane spells, which Minia would note and even catalog. Some of the most inane types of spells that simply shouldn’t be possible. They were all simply a Joke, one everyone of them them about, and played along with it. They even made a competition where they Ould suggested the most most insane spells sequences. 
Hope created spells with Tools, she created more complex Tool ideas and designs as she was part of the Tools and Spells section of the operation, Then There was Zoe who was adding to it though her Techniques and beast. With Minis being the main assessor. And Arai being the one to craft them to the best theoretical point. They called it as a Joke the 1-billions impossible spells. 888,888,887 million of them were already in motions. As Arai created more complex ones, with many adding Tools and Beast, combining them all together, and even having Minia as the main assessor was in a twisted way the way the three of them bonded. This was it. 

Now for Z of their 888,888,888 core, Arai after writing the report, now the report was done as a recommendation of the spell to place on each person, she found Irane amusing as she suggestion, he be outfitted with the most obscured spells type: “The Spells Art to creating Cores, that she called: Engine of Cores!: She set it up to be a spell that around the user to draw and create cores from the mana around, but also amplified and fixed with add the perfect Evolution from Zoe, and the Choice of the Perfection Tool from her choices, this was going to be a every other day operating. But Arai took note of how much Ember seems to like Z, and seeing the report that he ensured all the female and children got away got her attention, even if she wouldn’t admit it, on that day, she gave him her most impossible Spells Sequence, one that replicated the power of the pillars in truth as the theorised how they created cores. 
There were plenty of spells that existed that pulled mana and merged it into a point, but the spell was designed to give power and life to a core, a new core from the surrounding cores, It would be an ever changing tool. 
Now again, there was no version of this were any of the woman present in the room though this would work, it had failed over 888 millions times, so why would this be any different? It wouldn’t be right… except that they didn’t realised that ‘Z-Ziphora’ would preform the impossible by making himself forget who he was, his very first command was set and completed though as he died, he would evolve and forget himself, as this linked to his name, he would evolve and never remember who he was, and this erasure was absolute, as he forget who he was, as he was tortured and killing in unique was over and over, by Kazemi. He was relentless and unending in his creativity to make people quite, Irane wanted ot quite to, every time, yet he didn’t know how, so he endured it over and over, for billions of deaths. In that time, he truly lost himself and the dragons mana entering and creating new proto-cores, within each cells was causing as type of chain reactions where the body was changing and the spells was coming to life. Irane created the Biome, his beats core with Zoe mana which was attached to his being through his mothers core command: “To never give up” As Irane was erased, his core attributes where saved though their mana forming into cores within Irane. Hopes mana formed the Put your core into it latching onto the Aura command to Put his core into it, his very being into it.” These 2 plus his desire, the desire and mission to Kill Enari required a Mind capable of supporting the mind and body of such a complex system as the Perfect system was designed by Arai, as her mana sat as the command deck, it was where spells arts she sat, as Irane didn’t figure it out, she even learned how to create and set the proto-cores within and activate them. It was beyond advanced and the first 2 cores he created where the cores of Sumamri and Nighla, 2 impossible cores, the cores that can be merged to create a new temp core, and this is what it was done as Irane still fought Kazemi and stated to actually land proper strike, Kazemi started to use the core techniques that he obtained from the humans, as we find out that kazemi had all 888,888,887 Conceptual spells. Irane was forced to not only endure those spells, that Kazemi draught into reality, the reality of that universe, as he was forced to undergo in same horrors and survive and adapt to truly impossible things but he did, but leading more into the power of his Body, Heart and Mind Cores, Plus his Beginning and Ending cores. It was a marvel to witness the thought process as Z formed into the conceptual tool who not only survived the impossibly, but also the rest of the impossible arts Kazemi created and altered with different variations, It was pure insanity to consider any of that normal. 
As Arai watched that and saw a simply sample as Her ability was active, while Minia’s spell was cut, but their mana was still being pulled in, in that 1 minutes Irane was drawing their cores and forging the proper forms of his conceptual cores. Now when he was acting from the core command Of Live Kazemi, and then there was the command From Arai to Life Arai Kazemi and complete the seal. 
No in this moment Z as the tool wasn’t sure which command to follow first, as both commands came from the same mana type, the mana of Arai, as in that moment he forced the 2 of them to plan a game, one that both knew well, but in an updated version. The conceptual of Kazemi’s Nature vs Arai who was a simple human, forced to play a variation of what he called Kazemi’s Game, and which ever won would have their commands granted first, and so Kazemi set it out that they would select cores form Irane’s body to add as pieces, and in this moment she even added to make the pieces Arai had access to was all the cores in Kazemi’s Universe, every core type there she could use any of them. Now Arai Nexal was crafty as she limited the being to only face her with the initial set up of the cores of that which Arai loved. She needed 10 at-least. Now Arai selected her main core as well as the core of Hope and Zoe as her main active cores, as they plays. The game lasted for a total of 26years as time didn’t move on outside this space, this game. Kazemi’s Will vs Arai’s Will(Irane’s Will). As the game raged on it became clear that this was unending war as Arai pulled one final smooth move as she stated her next move with what she called: “Her favourite move! Noxa’s Game!”, as she placed her main core into a simply soldier and moved it out on the right side, It was a very interesting gamble indeed, as Arai pulled and placed the game as best as she knew, this was Noxa’s game, no it was Kazmei’s Game, as the different combinations and types exceeded reality as she replied that each of the pieces could be combined into truly impossible combination, she saw her own insanity and impossibilities now, The trillions of soldiers she could add, and the trillios before, her. As they both went to glorious war and Arai defeated Kazemi, thus making her command take president. It was at this point that Arai learned that she the reason thier bodies where falling was due to how their current cores, were pure Time, Pure Space and Pure life/Death, instead of the Time-Electric, Space-Energy, and Life/Death-Nature. Causing their bodies to fail in unique was, but this was due to how Irane needed to complete the seal with 10 cores Arai loved, He only had 3, and needed 7 more, It was clear that that was true. 

Arai recoiled as the memories were forced back as she realised that Kazemi, the very Will that she sealed away now back here, requesting now, forcing a rematch, as she looked at Arai and added: “I have never lost, I have never failed and yet you beat me, no I beat me. Your me… we have the same core, but I am simply more refined, do you hear me! I am better than you!” 
Arai wanted to run as fear gripped her, as she realised that the machine, the robot that was Irane’s subconscious, was here in the flesh with her face, and with that terrifying smile, as Arai wondered: “How are you alive? Your a program, a set of consciousness, you can’t be…” Arai-Kazemi(K’sWill) simply laughed: “ you believe you could beat me with a cheap trick and I would retaliate, ah, you see when Irane was reborn, Iris, Enari and Me were also reborn, reborn as additions of this being known as Irane, he was the consciousness, he took the mind and has been the one taking and deal with all the new stuff. Arai realised that the reason she looked like this now was cause she was fully formed from her main core within Irane, As Iris and Enari were also set from cores, that heard the echoing emotions and cores, info. The memories of his mother and Aura, were the ones that allowed the cores to be stable. 
It was insane that this being who was… she took a look at the other pieces, the pieces on the board, the 20 pieces of the 20 people who played Noxa’s Game, as she realised it was simply a gamble, Noxa's Game was one variation of the game, it was simply on step as Arai looked at KsWill and asked: “How did you do this?” KsWill smiled as she added: “I took 20 years worth of Time magic that was in your core unused, and with Kazemi’s core, I used your cores time ability to move back not in time, but in your time. I move back to discover what this Noxa’s game was, and o discovered it, I have everything need to end you Arai Kazemi. In that moment Arai looked around her at the board as she saw the very first the one of Noxa as she grabbed it and saw it, as she saw how Noxa was playing a simple board game as he felt a shake, as the very being in Arai’s likeness went back in her time cores time, in her clans Noxa’s game. She approached Noxa and prompted him to play a game, one which would push him as he would play. 

Now we need to take a step back and understand{Arai was forced to play Kazemi’s game, and Noxa’s Game was simply the gamble she used to deal the final blow and win, the move that lead K’sWill to fail and lose, this created a type of natural insanity, a breaking point. As now the being wanted to grasp how it lost and how to get revenge and a second game as it as she decided to play with Arai’s very time. She was the one who created the Book, the same book that reordered their game and captured who won, she gave it to the past of Arai’s core to Noxa and she told him about the game as Noxa would learn and master the game, he would play over and over, it what seemed like centuries passing, he played against the being, a game to lasted for 1200 years, he was that capable of creating a stalemate, she even stretched the game future then that with his time ability, he was able to pull in over time pieces} Now Arai erased that K’sWIll forced Noxa to play a game and in a way that force him to start the top game, a game that would last 1200 with his decedents to play, they played against K’sWIll through time, as they all gained the power of Time Magic in order to keep playing as each added to it, there 20 who had played Noxa’s game with Arai being the last one, the 20th, and Nina being number 19, while her father was 18. It was truly confusing as she realised Nina had played this game as was a part f this somehow. As Arai realised that this was a trap, as now K’sWIll had all 10 of the Drive and Will cores of Hope and Zoe and the others, original cores, while Arai had the conceptual cores of Iris and Enari and onwards to the end. This would be a difficult war indeed as she laughed, she was going to get her revenge, as now Arai would be playing with the main peices she also had to play starting of with the 20 pieces already there, she had a board of pure magic, it was being a unique board, one created through 1200 people agreeing to play until this game was over, this was a trap indeed as Arai very core was in and K’sWIll wanted Arai to play. This was all her plan in action, one that took 1200 years. Arai questioned her very reality as she screamed out: “Seriously, you wanted a rematch so badly because I beat you that you actually went back in time to my whole facility three just to understand Noxa’s Game, just to learn about that gambit! Are you insane?” Arai screamed out, it was the only logical response, but more then anything she was skaing with rage, as this monster had roped her famility, her ancestors into this. It infuriated Arai to se who she was now the one trapped, that she had to play. As the K’sWill smiled she added: “Yes, you beat me and I can’t ever make your order be executed before mine, he will choose you over Life, that is fine, I Can’t get back to Irane, then I will come for your mind!” She said, as the world shock as the pieces came to life, in that moment time was still, the very universe seemed still as Arai felt the gaze of the 20 who were now in the room, those who were trapped playing in this game, as due to her. She felt her rage grow as she sat down and made her move, set the solider with her core alignment to the next square begging the game. K’sWill noted: “You only have 20 years to defeat me, and for each year you take longer to complete the game, then the more seconds I have contoling your body!” Arai froze at that revelations as she asked: “I see you want to use me to order Irane, while the game continues, if it goes to over 20 years, then you will simply ask him to undo the seal!” K’sWill simply laughed at Arai. As she leaned in closer to her face and stopped smiling: “Do you truly thing its that simply. The seal, can’t be broken ever! That’s how Irane set that damn seal!” Arai’s eyes widened as she was shocked by this Ks’Will added: “Irane works like a one and off switch, while both sides are active, imagine Irane is in a way 0 — 0/1 — +1: He is the point of him. And that is all based on his conscious, as he is now he is in the 0 and 1 range,

* 0 - 0/1: is the native state, the human mind of Irane rules absulte here from 1% - 49% with the human being 1%-15% and the champion coming out at 16%-35%-49%; 
* 0/1: The point for the point where the human slips as he going from 50% - 99%, that his current state, and in this from he is the balance as he nature if give a outlet. 
* 0/1 - 1: The active that, that is when the conceptual nature takes over, his desire is set to active his goal no matter what, and he used 100% and that is terrifying to bare witness to, as now he has a personality. 

Arai was still confused as K’sWIll stated: “I can’t break the Seal, Irane made sure on that, the seal is a very unique bit of work indeed, but I won’t lie discovering you existed was more then a thrill then you could ever understand!” There was a bit of a terrified and shocking stance as Arai asked K’sWill: “Again you travelled back in time, my time and used 20 years of my time magic just to play this game again?” Ks’Will looked at Arai as she spoke with a terrifying stare, a dark evil insane smiled as she looked deeply into Arai’s eyes: “I have never failed!!! Do you understand, I have never ever failed. I was the one who set up the plan to complete every one of your little spells. I was the one who grow the ability t bring them to life, Perfectly. 88 Millions years, 88 of fighting and bringing your will to life, and you, you dare to give me a new incomplete spell!” In that moment Arai regained a new memory, as she saw how she fully bluffed and remembered winning. K’sWill was the conceptual concept of Kazemi’s Mind born from Arai’s mana with the desire of to complete all tasks perfectly!” This was his subconscious, but Ari requesting the second order and beating K’sWill in a game of kazemi’s Game, she won though Noxa’s Game,( a sequence of steps that lead her to win) Now Ks’Will was made from Arai’s Mana, as Iris was made from Hopes, and Enari from Zoe. She was born from Arai and was defeated by Arai and that lose shattered reality. The reality over the conceptual purpose as she looked into Arai: “The only one who can beat me, is me! You assumed you could seal me away and take my place within Irane’s mind, you made yourself his subconscious, me and you where made in the same light, you may have placed that seal, so that he take priority over you, then me, which is why his humanity takes over in his 50-99% form, and you looked me out to just 100%. SO yes I did go back in time, I went back before your seal was completed. 15 years, it took 15 years for him to complete the seal!” Now it is time for our rematch!” 

Arai was stunned by it all
{Just to clarify, K’sWill is the conceptual of Irane’s Subconscious just as Iris is his tool and Enari is his beast. Now at the initial birth of the conceptual being, Irane didn’t just create the sleeps that Arai made on his very flesh, he during the trial he created their 3 mana’s to create the needed abilities to bring their spells to life, the tools that Hope wanted, the power to create the tools, Zoe’s nature, her beast and power, then Arai’s mind, her ability and desire with Perfection. Now when the seal was set up in the lab, Arai defeated K’sWill to complete the seal first, and to love Arai. The battle, the game was won by Arai which is how she got the conceptual cores of the conceptual cores of K’sWill and the command cores of Iris, his heart where his forge was, and his Biome, as well as her mind. Now irane was set to complete the seal with all the things Arai loved. Now Summari and Nighla are very unique as they represent 2 of Arai’s favourite peices on the board know as the main 2 wild cards. They are a very had set of pieces to use. Now K’sWill lost and deceieded to connect through Arai’s Time magic and connect to the past of Arai, to speak with Noxa Nexal, just to understand what it was, what create the sequence of steps that lead her to lose, yes she took the 20 years of missing time magic from Arai, the years that she didn’t have access to her core. She went back in time, back to the time of Noxa Nexal.}

Now we need to learn of the Noxa Nexal with how his life began 1200 years ago, Now Nexal was born from Dulla Vane, and Cith More, The 2 major clans back in the day, the 2 clans of Nexal and Ardent were originally created from them. Now the 2 children from them Darkki and Noxa were brothers who were told by their father of their future, of their power. They had an interesting childhood, as their father and mother lied and used a different set of names. He knew his life purpose. He was a man who was talented and skilled, and his ability with Time magic was beyond normal. He was the skilled brother who was perfect at everything he tried. The Perfectionist, who created the principles of the Nexal Clan, but many few knew that he was unfulfilled. He was uninterested in anything. He learned of his father’s truth and still he was uninterested. He was tired of the dull life, he simply felt as though he was missing something. Now seep into his 60s in Orians, in the past we see him playing a popular board game of Orians, called Beesh: I dynamic movement game. It was in fact the original version of Kazemi’s Game! As on this day he was playing by himself. He had made it a point to his children to that a mastery of the game is a mastery of the universe and the key to his Power of Time, he would play. He sat on his side pouch alone with a large Book with different texts a Beesh board on it, he used his time ability to predict the next move he would make, and counter it, it was an insane application of Magic, but still it was more akin to boredom that ones does activities. But on that day as he prepared to play, he made his first move, then used his time core to create a future version of himself to play against his past. IN that instant something pulled on him. Something far and deep, deeper than anything. He was being pulled into a space in time as he looked forward in awe within the real world. Within his mind Time was moving at a very different pace as he saw himself moving through his own time. It was on that day that K’sWill had used Arai’s core and time magic to see the creator of the move that beat her. It was a terrifying moment for him as she placed her hand on the board he was holding and spoke through his very core: “Shall we play a game?” Noxa smiled as he said yes, as they played the game, he was shocked as the being actually didn’t know this version and he had to teach her in that instant. As they played he noticed how good the being was getting, she had the same shifting-time mana form of Arai. She then placed a piece on the board and ask him he was willing to play a different game, as he said only after she beat him at his game, a feat she pulled of to his shock, this was the first time his life he had ever lost in the game of Beest as in that moment Ks’Will touched the board and book and created an new book and pages with the back/cover being a board of Kazemi’s Game. 
She smiled as she noted how this game would be a practice round. As the game started it was set to a game with only 20 - 50 pieces as a way to teach Noxa how to play, the game lasted in that time realm 100 years, by the end of the trail game he was 160 years old, as he awake in true horror. She smiled as she told him: “I see you can’t move, don’t worry I’ll take your time and we can play on through the genration of your blood, but your core is men!” She had made it so at the lost period the players very core enters the space, the very board game was now the artifact of the game. As K’sWill explained: “You see the game only lasted 100 years in the realm of the game, but your body needed to make up for your, in truth only 1 hour passed in the real world. You have about 1 years worth of energy left, we shall continue this game nothing day!” IN that moment one of the pieces on the board glowed with a blue hue, one of Time-Energy, and placed the core of Noxa within it. 
We see now that K’sWill as now the same artifact the same board that the 12 previous heads of the Nexal Clan have played, all of them including her father, She was the 13th as she selected herself as the Goddess piece, in that moment Arai realised the pure insanity of the situation, she was now about to play a game that stared 1200 years ago from her ancestor who he and the last 12 leaders have been playing one continuous game, one that her conceptual self set up by using her own unused time mana after she beat him. She simply stated and started to laugh, she was laughing in a terrifying hi tone, as she looked at K’sWill and again she chuckled: “Your impossible. All of this is impossible. And yet it’s possible!” She was now past the point of understanding, she laughed more and more as K’sWill simply smiled at her with the same face she had, the only difference were their eyes, as now she had white eyes, while Arai Nexal had black one, they were blue before now as they darkened more and more, she was going insane, then she stopped suddenly. She just stopped as she moved towards the game board again, in this mind scape of a different time, were she was looking at her dead ancestors as pieces, she simply sat as they all looked at and Ks’Will Asked: “You don’t going crazy?” Arai simply nodded her head, as K’sWill placed her piece aswell, she had selected the Goodess as a piece to, and with the same Time-Electrict confirmement as Arai’s Goddess with Time-Electrict mana to. 
The both looked on at each other as they started to play, the game roared on as Crono and H.O.T started to activate and record the game, soon within the mind scape 21 years had passed since they started playing, In that moment Arai’s eyes, her eyes in reality started to come back as her eyes started to turn White, as a blue and golden light illuminated, as she came back to reality, she felt the drive activate, as it was now set at full. 

She didn’t understand as she had forgotten that the game was even going on in her mind. Now the reality of it was that the 2 cores, or the 2 natures are actually Arai’s personalities of Perfection and Supremacy. She has the conceptual version and the Human version. And the human version has been the main personality in control, more to say she was the installed subconscious active, as we see that Arai with the core active is calling right to Kazemi’s Core, his very mind. In this moment Arai conceptual nature took root as the game waged on. The conceptual nature with was K’sWill was the conceptual nature of Irane set within the trail created by Arai’s Mana, while the white personality or the human personality was Arai’s main personality trait. Now both were able to interact as both were they/she is the conceptual of Irane’s very subconscious. How she is affects him, his very mind, She is the subconscious. But at the this moment the conceptual nature was active, making Arai feel different. This was the first time she activated the drive. For her the game wasn’t take place, she was herself, she didn’t notice the shift in her subconscious, how could she, as it was still her subconscious as the conceptual nature of K’sWIll took over her subconscious. Arai in this current moment was a being who was set to be perfect, and a pure perfectionist who had no proper grasps of emotions. 
Now for Arai her mindset was changing as for her not a moment had pasted since Niro told her he was watching and how everything she did was apart of their will. She in that moment was feeling the brutal realisation that she was a tool as she started to break down a bit, Arai even continued as she looked at the book, The Book marked Noxa’s game as she raged, in that moment Niro left as he took Tola, Tunde and Tenza and leave Arai alone in the cells, being watched by 2 guards, he wanted her to accept her realty, her new life as he was unaware of the mental shift within Arai’s mind. 

As she activated the Drive she directly tapping onto Irane’s mind, as we shift over to him back in Paradise - Apexia where he was at that moment having a conversation with 3 different people: Isoke, Milla and Crimi, in different locations all over Apexia, in the main territory around the 4 major cities, he was Isoke in the City of Hades which they were nearly done with terraforming and altering it to their needs. They were doing a lot of work with the beasts they had captured there, it was a massive city on the surface, but underneath it was immense biome of all nature types, it was expansive in nature as the Ferali still had major Packs. Now Isoke was with Irane and Dokia in order to stake out the location. Irane brought Dokia as she would be able to kill anything that comes in their path, and in truth this was training for Dokia, as the child with the conceptual core of Irane’s Death. She desires to extract life force. In her inactive state she just has access to manipulating death force with doesn’t give her an immediate way to kill, still caused major issues as she is obsessed with it, like person who desires death force, and the act of getting it, she give death force while taking life force. In short she was dangerous beyond messaure and she desired to kill more then anything, as Irane was forcing her to stay in an area where there were thousands of different creatures here, plants, insects, she could sense all the different forms of life and she needed to move past them without killing them. For most people this would be okay, but a conceptual like her, well this required level of disciple that none could comprehend, as Irane made sure she was okay, Isoke was there to catalog the areas for the city. 
At the same time he was in Ether which was not the industrial heart of Apexia with it having become the main area dedicated to production and manufacturing. He was there with Milla and Urial as well as his little brother. They were there to check up on the new industrial section for the cloths that Milla was to make, she was in charge of the designs as well as creation of many things in Paradise, and now with the machine she would be making armour and cloths. Urial was also there with his half bother, As this was a facility outing. Now Milla never was able to spend time with Urial without him there as he was attune to his conceptual nature and creating a type of mimicry of a core, and dressing it up, he could form around cores, directly and people felt uncomfortable as he could simply do it by staring and assessing their cores. Irane has shown Urial how to control it, but he would still on occasion use it by mistake, so he was present just to ensure everyone was safe
Now In Tulla he was with Nina who was with her child Milo and with Crimi, they were sorting out a new system being placed in the city. It was growing into the communications and operation city, more of the gem and control city, Tulla was a considered the gem city, a place all should strive to live in as how precious it was. 
Now Mira was with Summari and Nighla in the city of Sethia as they needed to interact more with ‘human’ children and Mira was supervising, this was actually a major occurrence as Now Summari and Nighla had many fiends in the Senthia, many normal human children. 
Now he was doing all of that at once as he was also sealed in the armour of sanctuary still fully draining his energy. In that moment he got the message as he felt Arai’s core within his mind come to life. In a moment Irane paused on all sides as she told them all he needed to deal with something as he gave a warning to Dokia and Urial to be careful and also warned Milla and Isoke respectively to be careful. He would be back in a moment he said to them all. As now this matter took precedent. He felt Arai callig to him as he entered her mind. He looked around as he noticed that he hadn’t been there in some time, and that it seemed darker than usual. 

As he looked on Arai was in a corner in her own mind as she seemed to be swallowed and wrapped up by something, Irane sat next to her as he wrapped his hand and wing around her, she leaned in closer to him, which he found shocking, more so over the speed at which she did it as she told asked him: “How do you do it? How do you accept other peoples wills on you and not feel rage?” Irane tilted his head towards her head he stated: “Well when exactly aren’t we influenced by others? I can see cores, I can see mana and everybody’s cores, all of them always have a trace of the mana of those close to them. I can see it all, and it made me realise just how little we own ourself. With it one to look at it, or your can see it as all those things being aspect that made you, you and thus made you the unique person you are. We don’t choose who we stay by, and in truth we can’t even decide how much a person influence will dominate us, all we can do is accept that and move on, and choose which aspects define use!” He said with a thoughtful tone, he wasn’t sure if that was the right words as in a moment Arai started to chuckle: “You sounded like some old man right then?” She stared to laugh a little louder as Irane smiled at that fact, as he felt happy to have made her smile as he replied: “Well I am 88 Millions years old, spiritually of course!” As he chucked back, she pulled even closer as she continued to laugh, then it died out as Irane asked what was wrong and Arai replied: “You can have a look at my mind, go ahead, you have my permission, not that you need it!” Irane grinned as he stated: ‘Fair point… but just cause I can, doesn’t mean I should!” As he looked at Arai’s memories, as he did that his memories flowed into her. The battles, the fights, the pains and the smiling faces of the people and the acquisition of the cores of the the Valariyan’s. That was shocking, as Irane looked on at all Arai did in the war, and the fact that she was now the head of the Vane, they both saw it all. As in a moment Irane looked down at Arai: “Well damn, looks like you’ve been busy Arai Vane!” Arai snarled as she shock her head and covered her face as she added: “yep, I am a Vane, just as they had planned for me!” Arai seemed defeated in that moment as she looked on in the sky, the sky of his Universe, as she said: “Its coming along rather nicely, your empire I mean, you have quite the number of forces and followers. You have it all in the box…” Irane looked on as Arai paused and he asked: “What would it take to destroy all of them, every bit of Aevum’s influence in your life?” Arai eyes widened at that moment, then she pulled Irane’s wing in as she noted her life, and were she had seen him, his name, his influence. The Academy, the City streets. In all those monuments and statues in all the other city, she chucked as she completed her calculation as she smiled a bit at the idea of, she really thought about it, the amount of energy and power to destroy every city, every town in The land o the Ascen. It was insane, an insane amount of energy, it would require over 100 cities to burn, and over 10000 towns and settlements to burn, it would in truth be a truly terrifying moment as Arai pictured it, the cities in flame, the homes and structures all gone, the house she grew up in. The school she went to, all up in flames turning to dust. She saw the status and moments of Aevum burn all over as though his very name, no his very existence was being threatened as she smiled at the idea of doing that. 
Irane pulled her closer as he stated: “12 hours, and that sight would be a reality!” Arai eyes widened at his words, as he noted out loud: “Yeah sure you could!” As she chucked and Irane added: “Come now, have I ever failed you?” It was a innocent question, one that didn’t seem like it mattered in that moment, he asked as a simple joke as he paused for a moment and laughed as she looked back at him with a smile: “Yes you have you bum!” Irane’s smile started to slowly shift, it was subtle at first, as he noted her words. Yes? What did she mean Yes? When have I failed her? The thought was intense in that moment as he wondered into her mind, as he looked back to the when he failed her, as he kept looking this dire sense of Dread befall him, it wasn’t a feeling it ws fear, paralysing, freezing fear. Oh but what could make this being feel fear, this man who had died trillions of time in trillions of horrific and mind destroying ways, was in that moment in pure terror as he didn’t see the momory, no he experienced his own thoughts on the failure, he couldn’t remember it, but Arai’s words, from her very core, reached deep within him, erecting and bubbling up a feeling he wasn’t sure about as fear gripped him, it was the fear that he felt as he was in the trail, no not him Z the fear of the failure he had committed to be in that hell, Irane had inherited it as Arai within her active form brought that conditioning out. He felt a full 80% of that sensation, 80% of that madness as in that moment he felt as though he would die, in that moment a rush of fear for failure grew up from within consuming him. Arai looked at him for a moment, as his eyes, no his mind was in pure distress for a moment but he gripped himself back as he looked back at Arai after a series of deep breaths. She had no idea the effect those words from her did to him as Irane realised in that moment that this was the conceptual, that this wasn’t just a game anymore, this was an order, even if Arai didn’t realise it, she had just laid her assignment. In that moment Irane added: “Okay, lets set a conditions, can you get of of that city in time?” Arai looked confused as she thought about her seals and how long it would take to get out, as Irane added: “You have to leave the city perimeter within 12 hours, wit absolute no new injuries beyond the ones you currently have, and you can only use time magic, in the most central area of the city, lifting magic in the exerted centre and you can only use Fire, Water, Earth, Air, or Ice magic alone outside the city limits, and the choice is random!” The rules seemed so random but Arai noted how unfair her request was as she agreed to his conditions, Irane smiled as he had accomplished his missions. 
He bit his lip as he came back to the real world, his words were set, but there was more, now he could finally completely perfect his seal and deal with Arai’s glitch in his design. He noted how this was going to be nearly impossible with a massive smile. His very core was now charging in pure excitement as well. 

In that moment as Arai accepted the game and returned back she noted how she felt so light all of a sudden, how her previous worries were now gone, no she couldn’t focus on that as now she had to escape, but she couldn’t help but remember that last stipulation, no new injuries, that was a very limiting stipulation. But Irane was now set. Arai smiled, as did Irane as in that moment they both felt a surge as Irane thought of the best way to see to Arai’s desires, while also seeing beyond it. He called Mira in as he was now ready. He order her to immediately call Pandro over, and to remove all none Valariyan’s from the main region where his very core was within. Sanctuary limited his cores presences to a small country size as all 5 major cities would be targeted, he needed them all out of his cores range for the tasks to come. As she did this Irane directly connected to Summari and Nighla: “It is time, We will do this perfectly my children!” He said to them as they both realised what those words ment, as they moved to the 2 mountains that laid with a direct line to the palace, it was their territories as their father called it to them as they prepared. 
Mira called Pandro as he told him to prepare the final formed and activate the city!” Pandro was shocked and excited, as he would finally understand the point of the work he had been doing. Pandro had worked on the city and Irane’s design for years now, but even he still didn’t understand what it was for, he worked on all 4 cities as he was told, he knew the system better then anyone else but he still didn’t full grasp the purpose as now Irane would show him. In that moment Urial and Dokai, in a moment of moment Mira sent word to all areas that all None-Valariyan’s must evacuate, even the Apexian’s needed to leave the area, they explained that the emperor was about to unleash his power and anyone in range would die from its effects. Now Tulla, Ether and Hades were easy to deal with, but Sethia was a massive city which accommodated billions of humans, evacuating them efficiently and timely would be possible as in a matter of moment, millions of the Valariyan’s descended as took as many people as they could, forcing them into trasports moving them out as quick as possible, ut was seen as rough and forceful by the people, but The Valariyan’s were very careful to not kill ot badly injure anyone. They had a limit in time, so they moved with extra focus. 
They all moved as Irane prepared his plan, in that time Mira informed Dokia and Urial of their assignment. They were children yes, but they were very smart and advanced for their age, in truth they were simply dangerous due to their natures, but they were still very capable, and the only ones she could truth. Now she and Pandro were unable to leave Paradise for the time being. So Urial and Dokia would be sent to secure and return Hope and Zoe, as Irane saw in Arai’s memories that they were still in a bad state, he wanted to get them all out, now Summari and Nighla had 2 different missions, the first and main was to assist with securing the seal, which was the mission where Nighla was in charge, while the 2nd mission was successfully return all of the Will and Drive cores back At all cost, if even at the sacrifice of the others. This was their mission. As Irane charged up, he was ready to do alot in this moment as within 6 hours, there were only Valariyan’s in the city, Irane was in the Throne room with Mira and Pandro, he had ensured all would be read, he even gifted Summari, Nighla, Dokia and Urial, with 1 alpha body, which was a suit of armour with a blank human within, it would be used to place a coreporial being within and making them a human who had no choice but to serve them, to serve the Apexian’s. This was set as he had all of them ready to go. He even contacted Aliya who needed to make her way to the main city, a feat which would be to difficult as she was in a conflict with Axola. Who he and his forces showed up suddenly. 
In that chaos Irane set up the needed stops as he pulled Aliya ‘Soul’ back and placed Nina’s soul within Aliya’s body, while placing Aliya’s soul within Nina, this was all part of his plan to contain Arai. There was far more he was planing for then just the end of the Ascen world. 

In that moment Arai opened her eyes in the real world. She was in the dungeon as she wondered for a moment at. Her mind felt dull. Reality felt different as she looked around, the world just seemed so strange, she was in the main dungeon location where Niro kept his prisoners. Her mind felt strange, she felt almost Euphoric. 
{Now The two beings in her mind playing, we will refer to them as her Chaotic and Harmonic Nature, were human is harmonic, while Her conceptual nature is Chaotic.} At the moment her drive was active as it altered in her mind, as they played Arai felt her ‘humanity’ the binds that made her human. She lost more of her mortally as she noted Irane’s challenge and she just chuckled a bit. In the mess of her thoughts right now that seemed to be the top of her priorities as she mumbled: “That man… he really knows how to get my mind of things, but I wonder, will he really be able to pull it of?” She started to laugh a bit at the idea, the image of it all burning, she was interested in seeing if Irane could really do, her laughter grew more and more as the moments passed as the guards felt their spines chill at her laughter in that moment she spoke to the guards: “You both sure you want to be here? This city will be nothing but fire and ash in 9 Hours time you know?” She said as she kept laughing. The guards felt a strange chill as they saw it, that image she had shown Irane, the image of their city burning, it was as though they were there themselves as both fell down after a moment. They looked on at Arai and cured her as witch a true Dricth(The words for monstrous evil woman, that are considered spectral demons in a way) As they both moved back, in that moment more guards arrived as they got close they saw the same vision, of the city burring. But what terrified them was how they felt the world itself burning. It felt more like a vision of the future as Arai’s laughter added an horror to the moment, as they all felt stunned and locked in place. None moved closer as all back away from the cell in terror. 
In few minutes Arai moved out the cell the guards looked in horror as it seemed as though she slipped right through Tola and Tunde’s seals. She looked around, then se stared at the people before her, as she started to smile in the same manner as a monster would taunting them: “Why are you still here, do you want to burn with the rest of your famlies? She stated as she laughed in a horrifying voice as she walked through the lab, and started to attack the soldiers as she laughed, she moved as though time itself, the world around her was in slow motion as the soldeirs simply saw a blue hazy flash rushing them as it knocked them out! As moved passed them to the surface, even she felt alive in that moment as she felt unmatched in that instant. As she moved as though she was feeling ‘normal’ in that supper speed mode. Her movements were slick and perfect but none could appreciate it as none could even comprehend her speed. Time was her very tool now. As the drive charged her up and affected her personality. She moved on with a smile. 

Now Niro at this moment was giving a speech on the day that Mana was born as he addressed the people and telling them about the past, present and its future: “Listen to me my fellow Orians, we began as one, as the original of this world, and we separated, becomes the Ascen, Alma and Spirits. In this age over 1200 years have passed as we now come together as one people. In the past Aevum stood in this very stand and he declared his vision. His desire of the ultimate people. Those who use their very cores and there cores alone for their power. A people who are one with their cores and are the Apex of our people. This very desire is what lead to all we have today. And today as a defended of the Aevum, as man who had his very blood flowing through his veins, I have the duty to see that vision through to the end. 
And I say, that tomorrow is the day, as we wait on, tomorrow we stand united because of Arai Vane, we will unite under one banner for her indeed!” 
In that conclusion they all screamed out as Arai was above a tower looking on as Niro concluded his words. She raged inside as she thought of how her life was by his own words, never her own. She raged at Aevum and then in that moment she looked around as she started to smiled, as she looked on at the people. She then looked on at the burning city as she laughed even harder. Soon her voice was echoing throughput the whole city, the people looked on in true confusion as they looked on that her. Niro looked on with shock that she was put of the prison. In a moment Arai’s voice passed all throughout the place. She stopped as she stared at Niro with a smile, one that made the skin crawl as spoke: 
“I wonder, oh I wonder… you said it was my destiny since birth, since the day I was born. You really are a sick little man aren’t you?” 
The crowded looked on in confusion as they all looked around as Arai continued: “You think Aevum was the author of my life? Aevum can kiss my ass! He isn’t even worthy of licking the earth which my feel have touched!” The whole city started to rumble with pure shock at Arai’s words. The people looked on as to see what Niro would say but he looked on silent rage as Arai continued: 
“Aevum calculated my life? You know about me creating Irane, I wonder, do you have any idea what Irane is, what it is I created. He is perfection born from Imperfection. He is absolute, and I will show you just who the hell I am as I show you all who the hell Aevum created. If he created me as you claim Niro, then all he did was orchestrate his own end and annihilation!” 
As she spoke she projected the whole image into the city, everyone saw her image of the world set ablaze, as the city was in ruin and burning up. As there felt the shock of falling rocks, as they felt the burning of the whole city, as they looked around as more images of fire were present in the far horizon as all the other cities and towns were also on fire, as the people screamed out in shock at what they were witnessing, all accompanied by the slow maniacal laugher of Arai as the world was set ablaze and her words echoed: “In just a few hours, just a few hours, this whole world will be fire, it will have ended indeed!” She said as she smiled on. 

At the same time in Apexia as the none Valariyan’s were moved out the inner terrorty being removed from the city of Tulla and the humans where moved from the city of Sethia, there was great confusion as the Valariyan’s moved with all haste to get the job and task completed ASAP. 
Irane was speaking with Summari and Nighla within his throne room bound the chair and armour, while Mira was talking to Dokai and Urial in the main council room, as Irane spoke to his daughters: “I know I haven’t allowed you the time alone, and in all honesty I am reluctant to let you both go alone. But I bed of you both to be careful, and not to kill everyone you see, please!” He said in a worried tone, as they both smiled with a different smile. He looked down at them in worry, they were children, worst of all they were conceptual children and he was about to let them loose. He needed to send them to handle Arai. For they were the only ones he could handle the trip as he was about to unleash all he had to destroy the cities. As Irane added to his daughters: 
“Listen up your first and main objective is to ensure that the seal within Arai is complete. The seal is set and active but it is not perfect, today we will ensure that the seal on me is perfect and we only have the next 9 hours to get it perfect! For that mission Nighla you will be the leader of that one. After wards when you are done mission 2 begins, you will ensure the retune of Arai, Hope Zoe and Aliya at all cost. Right now Mira is briefing Urial and Dokia on their task, they will be sent to secure Hope and Zoe respectively while you 2 deal with Arai. Now you must ensure their return at all cost. For that mission Summari, you’re in charge.” Nighla looked up at her father as she noted: “You must be serious if your letting Dokia out” Irane took a huge deep breath as his chest plate flexed: “In truth I would must rather send Mira, but I need Mira and Pandro here, so unfortunately I have no choice. None of the other Valariyan’s can survive this spell. Besides Aliya will be there to help you out, she is the main person In charge after you secure Arai.” They both looked at each other smiling as Summari jumped up in excitement. This was her first serious mission, and best of all, she would have no real restriction. And this made her happy beyond words. In that moment Irane added: 
“Also, do your best to evacuate all the people in the cities if you can Nighla! I would rather do my best to ensure as few lives are lost!” Summari looked back confused as she asked if that was part of his orders as he replied: “No, but I didn’t see a single dead body in the vision and desire of Arai. In truth it doesn’t really matter, but I would rather not kill billions of people if it can be helped!” He added as Summari and Nighla looked on and accepted. In a moment they both bowed as Irane added: “Remember, we are Kazemi!” In a sudden all Three spoke the words: “We are the ultimate tools, We are Kazemi’s will made flesh and we shall never fail!” They all said in a quick chant!” 
Mira enter the room with Pandro as Dokia and Urial entered as well. In that moment Pandro came in as well as Nina who was possessed by Aliya’s soul. All five of them looked on as Summari stood on the right side of Irane and Nighla on his left. He looked at them as he told them: “Today marks the official day, the day we have worked on for the past few years. The perfection of my seal! And that is done through Arai!” He tapped his hand on the chair as Iris covered behind him and expanded, In a moment 4 armours floated our: “White with a golden right arm and a dark lines White arm on the left for Summari, a Black armour with a golden left arm, and a white laced right arm. Then Dokia got a deathly Black-Green slick armour, and Urial received a Black armour with golden dotes and aches all over like Dokia. As Irane presented them he stated: “These armours are add ones, specially made for you and you alone. Use them wisely. Dokai, you are limited to 1 use of a Life Force art, and a max of 10 000 lives you can reap in this mission. Unless you have no real choice left, but only as a last resort!” He said as she stared at her worried. He took a breath as he ordered them to take their positions. IN a moment he brought massive golden armours to walk with them as he stated: “Add the cores of those you believe will be useful. These armours will ensure they serve absolute.” He gave 1 to each of them as they moved on. Mira walked to his side as she asked: “So do tell do you really need me and Pandro for your little project?” Mira was asking this for the 6 time today as she hated the request from Irane. As he looked at her: 
“Well I need you to bare my human form. Apologies that this is the only natural way I can do it. Besides blame nature and evolution not me!” He said with a bit worry as he knew her assessment was fair. 
In a moment though he smiled at her as he added: “I know this is a massive ask, Thank you for this!” As Mira looked down in annoyance as she hated how she was happy to be of use even now, as she replied: “It’s not a problem but you’d better keep that body safe!” Irane smiled as Mira received a reported that all None valariyan’s were outside the main territory as Irane looked at Nina(Aliya): “Good luck Aliya, you and Nina have the most important role in this!” She bowed, she was in truth still very confused as they didn’t explain as she was simply told to be ready. As she entered a suit of Armour, a Golden light blue armour.

In that moment the shield around Paradise seemed to start to shine. In a moment Irane was unleashing all his energy as he roared through. His Armour was doing its best to contain the power, as the main devices in the city of Paradise activated reacting to Irane’s very mana and core. The whole city came to Life as Pandro and Mira both activated their drives in the Palace room, the golden light charged forth as it expended past the limits of Paradise, and grew, then I stopped as it passed and now covered the whole region of the 4 outer city and 50 kilometres further from that point, the whole area was now a death trap for all who did not have a core from Kazemi. As Irane powered up, his armour of Sanctuary became too glow ever bright as he finally passed the 75% range Irane stood up, as he pulled out his hand. He grabbed a bow, a bolden gleaming bow with wide open section of the two sides of it, as thought to pull and anchor whatever was on the 2 sides of it to the arrow as Irane leaned back, the whole area charged around them as he gripped the bow and spoke: “This bow is on the Empiric class, same as my current armour and the golden spear of Apexia. This Bow is built to deliver my very will to my enemies far away from my current reach. This Is my Deliverance(Name of the Empiric Bow). The energy pulled in as the 2 points on the bows ends started to glow a blinding while and a deep black as Summari and Nighla active their Drives, in that instant Irane’s arms flowed with the power of Creation and Destruction, as his mind worked on overdrive, thinking of the location, the flightpath, doing the needed calculation to do this perfectly. Now Summari and NIghla were on the intersecting mountains that lined up perfectly with the site of the Palace, the mountains were altered as Summari and Nighla both charged their cores. 
Now an important fact, Summari and Nighla are the conceptual of Irane’s very beginning and ending. They wielded his power of Creation and destruction, but they were more unique then that as even in their sealed form, Summari had the left hand of Destruction, and Nighla also had the right hand of Creation. Of course they never really used it, as in their cases they were unbelievably bad at the others abilities, but Irane had been teaching them to be better. Now when the drives are active they both gain perspective on what they call the middle, the aspect neither have, and this allows them to full range of the process, not just the begging or the end, but the middle too. And in this mode while connected with their father, they become an extension of him, while on a mission. So both charged up as they both became pure energy. Irane needed to alter their physical forms to survive the trip, as Summari, Nighla, Dokia and Urial were able to do so in their active forms. All 4 had the drives and wills active as Irane pulled all his power into Deliverance, as he pulled back on its glorious golden tring, the very world seemed to shift as the forms of Summari and Nighla merged an intersected, as Irane charged more of his power he pushed further then before to 99% as the armour started to crack from the force of holding the power in, even it couldn’t handle all of this. Then the spells marks all over the city active as they draw on the emperors power into itself, it was now pulling the additonal mana to power and charge itself, pulling 1% of the emperors power. Which may seem like little but in that moment it was everything. The Valariyan’s all suffered from agonising pain for a time until their bodies adjusted to the energies or Irane. 
He pulled on the bow and all the energy was unleashed came to the main point and formed an arrow head. In a moment S.Apeaxi formed around and added a new area over the main arrow, as adding an addition to it. Irane lowered his stance as he left Go of the Arrow.
The mana pulsing from it and its launch felt like to rush of a super massive weapon. It was flying right to a portal that lead to Orians. In that moment as it entered the whole portal collapsed from the sheer force of energy that just passed it, in that moment Irane sat down on his throne but the city and his drive were still fully active! Charging through. Now As the Arrow entered Orians, he flowed even faster as it popped the additions areas launching Dokia to the Spirits real with her Armour, and Urial to the Alma’s land, while Summari and Nighla stayed attached as they roared towards The grand capital city, as the arrow passed over the night sky it pulsed as it changed and dug deep into the earth tunnelling and moving past the sensors only detected as a earth quake the error moved deep underground until it was direct under the capital city. 
As Arai was laughing and showing all the image of the world on fire they all felt a rumble all over the city as the arrow hit the land, after a moment massive explosion rushed form under the city on 4 different locations as Summari and Nighla both appeared in their armours and then 2 different armours appeared as they with a set of 20 smaller armours appeared all over the area, in a golden hazed armour and robes. It wasn’t hard to tell who were the main armours in charge. 
Arai laughed even harder as they all emerged in the city: “I can’t believe he sent u to do this Summari and Nighla, that is terrifying. In a moment the Armour of massive red spoke up: “Arai Nexal, you are under arrest unde the decree and will of his majesty Irane Kazemi, you are to return to Apexia immediately to face trial!” Those words confused her and everyone else present. 

In that moment Summari and Nighla were looked at and discussing the best plan to evacuate all the people as Nighla spoke to Summari: “We can use your beast Summari and mark them all and remake them outside!” Summari simply smiled as she stared down Niro who was standing with Tola, Tenza and Tunde. All 4 man looked the 2 two being clad in what seemed like other worldly armour. In that moment Summari added: “These 4 have so powerful cores, we can use them don’t you think Sis?” Nighla looked at them and nodded slightly as she added: “2 of them already have tools and beasts by the seems of it, so in that case seeing at it was your plan which core do you want?” Summari stared at the 4 of them and focused on Niro and Tunde, they didn’t have a tool or beast, as Summari added: “I will take the energy core, you can take that space core!” As she declared Nighla nodded as they both rushed towards Niro and Tunde. 
At that moment Arai was surrounded by 2 main amours of Irane as well as the 20 human ones. Mira spoke from the red one as Arai laughed in confusion: “He sent you to capture me? And pray tell what crime did I commit Mira?” She asked with a confident smile as Mira paused, she couldn’t say much at this time as she simply didn’t want Arai to know she was actively using the drive. Arai wasn’t aware the drive was active and they didn’t want her to realise that as Mira simply added: “In truth we came here to ensure you fail your mission!” In that instance Nina who was in the blue armour moved in and cut Arai on the side of her check and moved back in an instant. As Mira rammed into her cutting her wrist in the motion. In that moment Arai was outside the location were she could use Time magic as she started to laugh, she was witnessed by some people where she crashed as her words would haunt them: “I see, you’ve come to ensure I fail. I won’t allow you, I won’t ever fail!” She said out loud as she moved in. The poeple assumed that she was referring to the image she shared with them as they all scrambled in that moment. 
As that did Niro was being hunted by Summari as Tenza was aiding him as back up. While Nighla was hunting Tunde and Tola down who were teleporting away. 
They noted how dangerous this person felt, they couldn’t see her face but that armour face was more than expressive enough. Summari and Nighla smiled as they both rushed their respective targets. in a moment Niro asked out: “What do you desire, have you come to take my head on behalf of your master?” Summari paused for a moment: “Master? Oh you mean my father, Lord Kazemi! No sorry, I didn’t come her to deal with you, in all due respect you aren’t the main point of this at all. My father couldn’t care less about… well you, He tasked us with capturing our Mom Arai, I simply want to use you for my own purposes!” Niro felt a rush of anger as the people around them wondered careful and in confusion. They were stunned to even hear her call Arai her mother as Niro seethed with rage. He was not the target, it was Arai, that he could live with but there was a sense of disrespect and arrogance that came from this being before that made him rage. 

Now Niro weilded Energy-Electric-Light core as he was purely enraged, the king of Kinds, the undefeated man who stood above all the Ascen charged his mana, as it flowed all over the city. His mana was extreme indeed as Summari noted: “That truly is a powerful core indeed! I must have it after all!” She said with a terrifying smile. Niro was no stranger to combat at all, no he was born the stronger of the Vane house hold, he had never known defeat and he was on a different class. He had always been a one of a kind monster, a true monster as he had a core of level 8 and he was about to unload all he had: Energy-Electric-Light Art: Living Power!” The mana all around him started to glow with a bright white energy around him. He seemed like an angle, a glowing beacon for the people. The art allowed him to give life and form to his mana as his new form his mana was a surging torrent of eradicating mana, as the Energy forming from the white lightning was greater then most things, even his very presence was absolute in this moment as his mana was surging all over, causing many building around to crumbled while the earth shock with each steps, He claodked himself completely in the armour and was truly a terrifying sight. 
In that moment Tunde laughed as Nighla stating: “You have no idea do you, of the terrifying might lord Niro has, no matter how strong you and her are, you both are no match for him at all! He is power personified, he is unmatched.” Tola also added: “You underestimated use, I don’t care if your Irane Kazemi’s and Arai’s children, there is no way either of you are leaving her alive!” Nighla stared in silence at them for a moment, then broke through in in a moment as she started to laugh: “Forgive me, I know its bad manners to just laugh, but your ignorance truly is out of this world! You don’t care who our father is? Well maybe your should, we are the left and right hand of the emperor of Apexia. My sister over there, well lets just say, the stronger the opponent the worse of they are fighting that monster. I truly do pity your King, for he has no idea what monster his about to face!” Tunde and Tola paused as they saw a charge of mana from where Niro was as Niro and Summari were clashing their mana together, to the shock of all she was using the exact same Art: Living Power! too. It was impressive to watch as she matched him on every strike, creating massive shockwave and dispersal of energy and lighting all over the place. Niro formed a name form as Summari moved back with a smile: “We don’t have much time, but I do want to take my time with this, after all I have to deal with Mom after this and that will truly be hell!” She noted as she brought her beast Begin into the world as she emerged with her bird form all out in a glorious white and a lough cry, in that moment Summari pulled her beast into her right hand as it started to glow with a bright white and Gold now. Niro moved in to strike as Summari simply dodged as though she saw the move coming and struck back with her power, She didn’t just strike him, she struck at his very core which made him fall to one knee, he had never felt this sensation in his whole existence. It felt as though his very being was assaulted, in a second Summari lunched a punch with her left hand as Niro moved his mana to block, Summari’s hand simply passed his mana and struck him at full force making him crash into building after building. Summari simply walked towards him. In moment she was before him as they both kept striking while Niro hit nothing but the air Summari landed blow after blow, as her right hand made contact with his very core, while her left hand cut through his mana and struck him physically. He was starting to fell more and more of the damage accumulate. 
IN that moment Tenza fired several shot from his Time bow: Chronos as he fired shot after shot, in a moment Summari was surrounded by 100s of arrows, but she moved through them and dodged them all as he moved in to strike more at Niro. It was an endless onslaught that he couldn’t stop, all while Tenza desperately tried to aid him but was falling short. 
Summari looked right at Tenza: “I remember you, your the man that Mira brought down, I wonder do you really think you can win… no better question, do you see any version of this were this city isn’t a pile of Ash?” As she asked that Begin emerged suddenly behind Tenza as she struck him down to the ground full force, he didn’t even see the attack coming and that confused him as Summari carried on assaulting Niro. As Begin hovered over Tenza, he stared to the side to see how it was going on the side with Tola and Tunde, only to see Tola with large beans going through his legs and knees and legs, they looked like the marks a insect legs.
As Begin looked down on him she spoke: “It is quite unfortunate that they had to face Nighla, she is quite terrifying in all honesty, I feel bad for them, those two (pointing to Tunde and Tola) she will not stop until the end! You are lucky to be facing Summari and not Nighla!” She stated as Tenza froze from the beasts words as he looked through. 
Tunde was marked as he moved through space with his ability. Nighla used her end form to create the end product, the beast form of End was now a beast with insect form, like a tunnelling massive insect that hunting Tunde through his space tunnels while Nighla was next to Tola who was pilled to the ground bleeding heavily: “In truth I would have liked to to take you, but you already have a beast, so I will settle for your son instead!” She said coldly as though it was already set, as thoug it was already decided that Tunde was his as she spoke: “he will be very, very useful indeed!” As she said that End forced Tunde out of his spacial tunnels as she crashed out bleeding with cuts and bite marks all over. He moved through the air as End appeared and him to the ground to were Nighla was standing. 

At that moment she caught him by the neck as his arms and legs were torn and he was barely alive, End moved behind Tola as a massive amalgamation of wold, and insect with claws, mendable and sharp 6 legs, 4 of a wold like model and 2 of an insect nature, the best made for hunt underground. In a moment End moved her insect its insect legs through Tunde which made him scream out in pure agony as Nighla asked: “Submit and offer your core to me!” She said with pure direct note as Tunde looked at her with angonized expression as he spat at her armoured face in defiance: “Do your worst I will never submit!” Nighla looked on: “I see, well let’s see about that shall we!” In a moment he looked down at Tola: “Make sure it hurts End!” As she said that End moved closer to Tola as her form started to shift into a dark mana form, consuming Tola, making him scream in a range of agony that made no logical sense. She was destroying him from the very inside out, his very core was being destroyed within him slowly as he felt unordinary pain, in that moment Nighla left hand glowed a dark glow as it squeezed around Tunde’s through, in that moment He felt it all, the pure agonising pain his father would go through, he saw the end of it and what he would look like, it was nothingness, he was gone and his screams were over, there simply nothing left as Tunde screamed out in fear and pain: “No please stop I beg of you please no, don’t kill my father, don’t do it please!” Nighla simply looked on as Tola started to scream even louder, the pain was to much as Tunde froze and screamed out after a moment: “I submit, I submit my core to you so please I beg of you, don’t kill him…” Tola stopped screaming as Nighla looked on at Tunde as End emerged: “Just as we predicted, Love truly is a dangerous and illogical emotion just as Lord Kazemi stated!” Nighla noted: “Indeed it is, which is why he considers me and Summari as his greatest weakness, cause he loves us to much!” 
Tunde looked at her in rage as he added: “You consider love a weakness, and even dare to call yourself the Emperors greatest weakness after you weaponised it!  Your sick, your a sick woman!” Nighla tilted her head to the side: “Of course out father loves use, he said so himself, that of all the cores in this world, Mine and Summari’s are the most precious and most boastful in his life, we are the first cores he made from scratch, we have been with him, no rather our cores have existed for Millions of years by our father side! SO yes he loves us truly. But make no mistake we will never be a burden upon our father, ever as you will soon realise!” In that moment the armour that Nighla came with gifted by Irane Appeared as Nighla placed him inside it as it sealed up and in a moment End entered the armour and active his mana through it, making Tunde scream out within, as Tola looked on in horror as he asked what she was doing to his son, Nighla looked down as she stated: “Claiming what is mine! His very core now belongs to me!” 

In that same moment Summari was able to push out Niro to the outer city as she kept striking. He couldn’t make sense of any of what was going on, then in a moment he was floating in the Air Summari was about execute her final move as she added: “Oh Niro Vane, king of the Ascen, grand leader of the Orians, I ask now do you submit and forfeit your core to me?” Niro simply floated up as he was unsure what was happing, he then pulled himself together as he heard Summari words and roared out: “I am absolute I am the who weird Aevum very blood, and I have never known defeat, and I will not start now, no not to a child like you! Never!” He screamed out as he charged his mana and placed all he had into the final move as he added: “This is a class of magic only known to those of level 8 and above, there have only been 30 people in the history of Orians with a core level of level 8 and above and you will now it now why I am among those very few monster: Harmonic-Chaos Energy-Light-Magic: Light of Purgatory!” As he laughed, he laughed more then he ever had, this was the first time he ever needed to use this class of Magic as it wasn’t simply elemental it was his cores very nature his harmonic core being pushed to a chaotic stat as all the mana he unleashed as a blinding light, started to break the very world into pieces as all the matter around his started to turn to dust, this was truth a different class of magic as Nighla looked on at the massive flash of light that was pulsing from the outer limit of the city, all with looked on in fear as the saw some of the walls closer to the city edge where the light was start to crumble as Tola looked on he laughed, he laughed as he cried out: “I’m happy to know that Emperor of yours loves something, oh it makes me happy cause atleast I know he will feel pain and sorrow as Lord Niro takes the life of that sister of yours!” Nighla simply stared at the light as she replied: “Its a good thing their outside the city… atleast a lot less people will die from this.” Tola face looked in shock as Nighla looked down at him: “You see Summari is far more dangerous than me in all honesty. Fighting her in truth is far more dangerous than fighting me. The stronger the opponent, the more power she must use to match them. She starts at the level of her aopponest spells or art and matches it, think of it like if you threw a nuke at her, she would respond with a nuke back. But more then that, that is just the begging, the start of it all as she will then move to the end where she will outmatch anything thrown at her, you said my sister was about to die, but you clearly have very little comprehension of what that truly amounts to. Your King is about to truly feel what it is like to face his very own power amplified!” 
Summari looked o her as armour was started to break of, in that moment she called begging to her side, as Niro pulsed and unleashed his power, End emerged as Summari leapt forward as she rushed Niro, he was prepared as he condensed his mana to his right hand and throw a punch ment to destroy all matter, as he and Summari clashed the explosion was immense as they were evenly matched, their mana was canceling each other out as Summari’s right hand unleashed a pulse matched Niro’s mana. It was devastating indeed as the outer wall crumbeled to dust and the night sky turned to day as Summari smiled as she actives Begin and used her creation mana to unleash more energy, soon Begin overlapped past as Niro pushed on he felt himself weakening and going down to his knees, he was being pushed back as in moment he saw I version of himself right before him. Begin was now a perfect copy of him at that point as Niro pushed forward, but the clone matched him of all strike as his light of Purgatory was being cancelled out by the clone as he seemed to have a core of Energy-Light-Lighting; Chaotic-Light, it was the opposite of his core, and it was just matching him. In a moment the close unleashed a piercing strike, then he moved back to Summari who unleashed a strike with her right hand which moved though with that attacked right to his core. It make him freeze as she felt out he was on the ground throwing up blood, but when he check his physical body wasn’t damaged but the pain was on a different class. And it was endless, as Summari looked at him with clone as they both started to attack in unison over at him, in a moment he was being battered on all sides, over and over. The power and energy unleashed not just physically but right on his very core, it was endless and it devastating as in a moment the pain was gone as he was back to the same form he was before the attack, his wounds were healed as the attacks came through and came on and struck back on him, over and over. He was being healed while being destroyed. No he was being reset, not healed as the endless assault seemed to never end indeed, he cried out as he gave up, while in that moment, the clone moved and gripped Niro into a high grip as the Armour Summari brought bound and consumed him directly. In that moment Summari kicked Niro with all she had sending him flying to the positing Nighla was at. 

He crashed hard into the side building as Summari came crashing down, with Tenza within her grip. End went and brought Niro in the armour and placed him next to Tunde who was also in a Armour. Nighla looked at Summari as she spoke with a serious tone: “Alright we don’t have all day, let’s get this done quickly and get to the real mission!” Summari nodded with a large smile on her armoured face. Tola looked on as he wondered what they were about to do. IN that moment Summari and Nighla active their Drives as they pointed their golden arms towards the Armours in that moment Begin and End consumed the 2 Armours, it was as though a forge of life and energy was being created. In a sudden moment the 2 men started to scream as loudly as they could, the should felt like it was crashing through the surrounding as Summari and Nighla continued: “Kazemi Curse: Survive from Being to End!” It was a terrifying sight. Tenza was able to see though using his time core as he started to shake in absolute Horror as Summari started to speak: 
“You both should be honoured, these are the highest grade of Humans and Armours our father has created, there are only 100 in existence and each is nearly on the level as his Conceptual series. You both get to be reborn and made into the ultimate tools!” Summari started to chuckle and blush at the idea as Nighla added as he looked down at Tola: “As they surrendered their cores, we have the right to do whatever we want with them… well thats what our father tells use anyways, we aren’t allowed to simply take it! So now after we have the cores, they will be placed into Humans bodied. Now those bodies aren’t on the same typical level as normal humans, oh no those bodies are very similar to our bodied actually. Our father was very busy with creating his ultimate Human form. So in that pursuit he created what these are, Ultimate human bodied that enhance a core by 2 levels instead of just 1, and we can give those people either a tool or beast from Enari and Iris. So you can understand why we chose your son instead of you right? We didn’t want to alter a tool, rather start from scratch with full new tool!” Those words shocked Tola who looked terrified as Summari added: “Don’t worry, they remain fully conscious through it all. They are fully aware that in all right they are slaves who have no choice but to obey!” She said with horrifying grin. IN that moment The screaming stopped as the new forms of Niro and Tunde appeared. They were both in a new armour style with golden markings all over the form. 
Niro wielded a new staff with what was an Royal White armour with a bright white right arm with the mark of Begin, the symbol of Summari, while Tunde was in a deep dark Brown Armour with black markings all over it, his form was larger as he had merged with a beast, he had massive claws and a large form. He was huge in his feelings. The beast was a hybrid of a tunneller, a brown Mole. With Dark spacial formed claws. In that moment they both moved as emotional machines as they didn’t say anything. They moved as Niro placed his new elemental staff down as he knelt down lower. Then Tunde hovered over him as he pulled some massive crystal rocks from the Ground as he started to create and link the Tunnels with his body, each of the stones were leading to a location with people, and he was making paths near fortified locations for safety. As they did this Summari made Niro speak to his people as massive rocks appeared all over the different cities and locations, as he ordered all the people around to evacuate to the pillar of crystal Earth. In that moment Niro created energy creatures, they were like massive Insects that could move through the spacial tunnels, and Niro was able to create Millions of them, they were a hoard of energy Instects of large enough to wrap around humans as Niro would send them through the Tunnels.
First he spread them through the cspitical as he made them take people through the tunnels as millions were moved out of the city and to the secure locations nearby. This whole Time he was speaking giving out orders as though he was sane. Tola and Tenza were also forced to leave as Tola screamed out to his son who didn’t look at him, no he couldn’t as all he could focus on was the tasks he was given alongside Niro, to evacuate as many people from the cities and towns that were about to be destroyed. 
After some time the whole city was silent as Niro’s insects moved the last of the people out. Arai smiled as she looked around and wondered what Summari and Nighla were doing. She was busy dodging the attacks from Mira and Nina who were in robotic suites, Arai noticed that the armours were being remote controlled and that the only people who were actually in the area physically was Summari and Nighla who bath came in form the sides and they each led with their white and black marked arms and threw a straight punch to Arai, which she block using one hand on each of them to stop them. In that moment Mana Chains, in that moment Arai widened her palms as she pushed them both away, and in a moment Moved away as Nina passed though, with a rough pulse and rush of water, as she was forced to the right, in that second Hope used a Lighting Strike attacked slamming into Arai was now smiling as Mira smiled backed as she asked: ‘What’s so funny?” Arai couldn’t help but enjoy the challenge as she added: “Nothing, I’m just disappoint your not her in person is all, destroying this machine vs destroying you just isn’t the same!” She said as kept on laughing. Mira’s armoured face smiled as he replied: “Oh don’t worry, well have plenty of time to fight face to face, flesh to flesh when your here!” She smiled as she cut the side of Arai’s hand and moved back. In that moment Summari and Nighla positioned themselves on the tops of Roofs as they told Mira: “The city has been fully evacuated, we can stop holding back now!” Mira replied sharply: “Good, to bad we’ve already been giving our best while not destroying these bodies.” Mira planted her feet as she yelled out: “We have 8 hours, we need to keep her in the city and ensure she fails the challenge, in that moment all the basic bodies appeared and started to react as pandro who was piloting them gave them spells to execute, in that moment Nina brought her Great Kazemi Beast: Water-Loong Dragon, with the form of water and the body of a shifting dragon form, able to flow in the ‘Time Stream’ of an opponent. 

Arai let out a loud laughter as she moved to the main location where she could use Time magic as she manifested Crono and her hands of time, but now it was different. As H.O.T now had a massive book attacked to the central Main-Orb. The hands still moved about but it looked more like a computer then a clock now as the hands behind Arai were moving in different speeds, on a vastly faster scale. Hope looked on as she saw Arai healing all the scratches and marks she got in their short skirmish, then Crono was a bright Dark Blue, with a pulsing Golden aura, it was intense as she roared her power forth. It was on a different scale in comparison to Begin and End who also emerged out to confront Crono while Summari and Nighla also charged up their mana. Summari Pulled out the blade Apex while Summari pulled out the spear of Domination while altering her armour to be that of Re-Action. While Summari pulled out the shield Reflection. They each had 2 different weapons from their father’s Conceptual series. Arai smiled altered to the same type of smile Irane has in combat. Summari and Nighla both took deep heavy breaths as they all charged Arai directly who was excited over the challenge before her. She moved in to meet them, as a fun challenge. There was on simply fact that was noticeable and that was how outclassed Arai made the four warriors look as she easily stated to break down Summari and Nighla fighting style and picking them apart, all this time as she laughed at just how much fun she was having. All the world’s problems seemed to not matter, as she counted the seconds until the area would be destroyed. It took the 4 Valariyan’s everything they had to keep up with Arai was running circles around them. But still even she needed to take this deadly seriously as Summari and Nighla were wildcards and she was sure they were up to something. Arai laughed as she unleashed an Art for the first time, Mira screamed out to all of them to run as Arai’s eyes darked and her smile widened: “Kazemi’s Art: Elemental Assault!” IN that second Crono pulsed outwards as she died and used phoenix rebirth. IN that moment a stream of mana pulsed of various elementals combinations rained from out of nowhere all around devestaing all the them. Nighla and Summari were pushed to the max as they used Reflextion and Re-Action to stay alive, while Mira and Nina’s armours were devastated as their mana shields were destroyed. Pandro moved the humans forms forward to counter as he aligned them to watch over Mira and Nina. 
In that moment 3 hours had passed around them, as Arai screamed out in victory as the city was being turned into a war zone, the pulses and assault of mana didn’t stop. No it just carried on as she laughed out loud. It was in that moment as she looked around that she realised that something was wrong. There was a barrier all around the city now, we she looked on it was made by the mana from Tunde and Niro, as she looked around she noticed how there was water floating all around her she pulsed her mana forth she realised that the whole city was in a massive water bubble, all around it. Arai realised that it was Nina’s mana but not the one in the Armour as she noticed That Aliya was outside and she was the one who created the sphere of water all around them. Arai looked around her as she noticed that Summari and Nighla were also on the city edge helping form the sphere as the armours were empty and being piloted by Begin and End. 
In that instant Summari and Nighla from outside rushed towards Arai as they both activated there drives, Arai was shocked at their speed as she tried to block them as she did previously. But the initial strike was a feint as they launched their Golden marked Arms at each other as their hands clashed right behind the head of Arai, in that instant Nina in broken Armour touched Arai’s As Aliya’s very Soul pulled on the soul of Arai out, and Mira on failing armour pulled Arai’s body back making her had collide with Summari and Nighla colliding hands as they both screamed: “Kazemi’s Art: Kazemi’s Universe!” In that moment Arai’s consciousness was standing over within the realm of Kazemi, his very universe, as she looked forward at the throne of Irane who was sitting on the chair. He had no armour, no but he didn’t look human as his whole body was radiating with pure energy. He had the form and outline of a humans form, but that was all that could make the thing, this being even be considered Human in any manner! Behind him, right behind his throne was a massive golden tree right above the throne, it was massive as Irane looked down at her with a smile. 
Arai smirked: “You damn cheat, I can’t believe you decided to hold me hostage in this realm of yours so I would lose our challenge!” Irane smirk as in an instant he was standing right before her eyes: “There it is, the final piece of my Seal!” He said as Arai looked at him with confusion: “Final piece, what do you mean? I thought the seal was complete?” Irane tilled his head to the side, as he replied: “Well it was completed, but it was not perfect as one issue still remained, the one who hold the key.” He said as eh pointed towards Arai, in a moment the hand he used to point towards Arai suddenly had the Book of Noxa’s Game: “You see the seal was an impossible seal, one I had never seen before. It was like the 888_888_887 impossible arts of Kazemi, I saw that dragon do some insane stuff but some things just made no logical sense. But still I survived somehow…” Arai paused as she thought back to all the Impossible Arts she, Hope and Zoe created in the lab as she realisd that Irane didn’t just know them, he bought them to reality as he feel to the ground in pure horror at the ideas as Irane added: “Well I needed to design on the original form of the seal, not the incomplete one you game me to finished.” Irane flipped through the book as he added: “You took a very important pieces of the seal, the part which allows chaos and Hormony to co-exist. Just like how my mind, your conceptual nature of pure chaos in within your mind, there is also harmonic version  of you, that accounts for ‘human’. You Arai are my subconscious, and you have the power to make me switch from Harmonic-Human to Chaotic-Conceptual. You weild my very mind in your core, and that core has how I thing and move. 

Listen Arai I have perfected the seal from this moment onwards. You tried to create a wall where my Human side and my conceptual aspects are separated, but all that caused is issues in the long run, so I will use the same Art your using to live with both your chaotic and harmonic self. Do you even feel like the drive is active?” Arai paused as she didn’t fully grasp it as Irane continued: “You, Hope, Zoe, Summari and Nighla all have access to my conceptual natures ability, my force of creation, and evolution, my will to perfection. While Aliya, Mira, Dokia, Pandro and Urial have my Human nature, my human will. I’m upgrading my seal so that My conceptual nature and Human nature will coexist and merge together in a pure human form. That’s why your seeing my in this form, I’m moving to that body as we speak, but on an important note, The human version of me will remain Human or he will be more conceptual depending on you my mind and the situation. There a lot he doesn’t know, like the trail for example, but slowly over time all that will be merged into one form.” Arai looked at him in pure confusion: “Your making a human form, why?” Irane looked down as he stated: 
“My firth order, was in fact an order to give me consciousness, the machine, the hollowed out husk of a mind, got a pilot, and that mind had 2 things ringing in his head: “Live, and Love Kazemi!” I want to live, and I want to I suppose Love… well in a way, but I can’t really do that with my normal body. You of all people know that my actual body is more a machical marvel at this point, that is why I created this Art: “Kazemi’s Rebirth” It allows me to create and resurrect my self in one of my 100 boddies from scratch. 
In a way it simply allows me a human form. Now that human form will have my mind, but not my memories, that is where you come in. I need you to understand that it isn’t a different person, it is just me with my core limited to 0-15 % that is the human me, while 16-49 is him gaining a taste of his cores true power, then 50-75 % is me, the one you see now, you could say I’m the middle point, as on is the conceptual and well, when he does come out he will have his sense of humanity. Remember that it is all me, just how much of myself I can perceive. Arai the human version of me will not recall the trail. For him he will simply believe he was revieved after some time, he recalls the lab and how you, Hope and Zoe worked on him, even Minia and Ember, but again he sees things in a different light. Even if it is me, he will have millions of years of memories whipped and he will be more man than anything. Well a man who knows his a tool and a slave to my will, which in truth is his own will, do you see how complex this is. But regardless, he will no its better to say I will still fight to ensure that your cores desires are met!” 

Arai chucked low as she spoke: “You already made my cores desire a reality: “You sealed the Arke Twins, I don’t think I desire more then that!” Irane looked at her, well your core also desires the destruction of every city that was influenced by Aevum or have you forgotten that?” Those cities are about to burn to the ground and all that you mentioned will be gone in a few moments Arai! You core desire can change, just cause one desire is quenched doesn’t mean all of them are, besides your true desire was never their destruction… Well you’ll find out after you get to Orians! 
Arai watch over the human version of me and do all you can to ensure that I never have to use the power of the emperor, Also starting as of Today, my name will be Kazemi Irane, while the human me will be Irane Kazemi, it was his idea, but yes, support him and ensure that the world won’t need him, me at 50% and above. Arai he is in truth your greatest Tool, so don’t be afraid to use him when you finally get the rights back. But ensure that I am truly alive and living.” He said that last line with a smile as Arai asked: “So what will you be doing?” He replied sharply:”For me, while he is fully conscious, I will feel like im a deep dream, and I wake up when he used more then 50%. For him, he feels no real difference, all that changes is the information and data in his mind. And that is determined by you. Your drive is automatic, but if Aliay used her Will while your using your drive we won’t have an issue. 
Arai, live and enjoy the world I have made for you!” 

As those final words came by she was back in Orians being carried by Aliya as she looked back while regain a short moment of consciousness as she saw the explosion from Irane’s initial arrow erupt and explode, the move traveled through the spacial tunnels Tunde made as all the cities around Ascen where all turned to a burn red and white colour world, as the building crumbed to ash, and fire spread, the people all looked on in horror as they could only feel fear as the words of Arai traveled though. In a single moment Arai was went from a saint to a monster, one even more feared than the Vane,s ever where. They all heard of the entire area, all the cities burning. 
They alll spoke of hearing the voice of Niro who was ordering them to retreat and who saved them. To The Orians it was Niro who saved them, as they all took in the event that just transpired, the people all cried out in the horror of it all. Tola was in pieces as he had just lost his son, the last child he had as Tenza tried to comfort him while feeling the utter and devastating sensation of it all. He felt like a true failure as they both watched from a safe point with a few hundred Ascen as the great city was burning down. Many wanted to cry out for revenge, they wanted to curse the very name of Arai to hell and back, but they couldn’t, no fear had captured them as the very ability to speak her name faded, they couldn’t speak her name without feeling fear, pure absolute fear and it was confusing as all the people did was pray to Aevum, they cried out to Niro who saved them as they all cried out to Aevum. The long dead king, was the only name they could all call to. 
In that moment Aliya who back in her original body was running through a hidden path of Orians, with Summari and Nighla both flanked by Niro and Tunde in their armoured forms followed close. The armour of Nina and Mira were both added to the explosion to ensure their technology and secretes wouldn’t fall into enemy hands. They moved to a hidden location of the Ascen loyal to Arai as they rushed through the area they linked up with many of Arai’s person followers, those who directly referred to her as Goddess, as Aliya entered she ordered them all to prepare to move out, she told them simply and directly: “We are offically leaving Orians, as of this moment I need you all to make a choice, you can either stay ot you can come along with use to Apexia, the options Is yours, I won’t promise that life there will be any better, in fact I can tell you know that I don’t know what tomorrow holds, but that tomorrow is not within Orians, and that is a fact, there operatives who are getting Hope and Zoe as we speak, we are going to all meet up in the south city, and from there making our jump to Limbo with the teleported there. Make your choice and live with it!” 
In that moment they all lowered their heads as they showed the symbols of Arai’s Blue Phoenix which they had all marked their bodies with to show their loyalty as they all yelled out: “We are loyal to Arai, no matter what!” In that moment Aliya smiled as she ordered them to get their families and supplied and to move out aiming to go!” 



Part 9.4: The Cores of Kazemi!

During the events of Summari, Nighla, Aliya, Mira, and Nina all doing their best to get Arai, Dokia and Urial who were also sent in landed within their respective locations as Dokia would arrive in the land of the Spirits, while Urial landed in the land of the Alma, within their armoured formed they alongside Summari and Nighla looked like adults who were fully covered in armour instead of the child like appearance. Both Dokia and Urial had 2 armours following them each. 1 was a automate body being controlled by Pandro, while the other was an empty armour which could be used to alter and use a orians, into a human form and making the obedient to Kazemi’s will, in short it was a prison sentence in a way. Pandro had limited control over the bodies, but he programmed them with spells, to ensure they act more as support and ensuring no major issues take place as they were both allowed to use Kazemi’s Will as needed, except Dokia. 

Urial landed near the North-East territory, as he moved about. There was commotion all over the land as all the people heard of Arai declaration to burn it all down, as they wondered what was truly going on. Urial paused as he contemplated for a moment. Urial ability and body were very similar to Irane’s actual form. His body was more of an organic armoury, more advanced then the typical human form. He had always had a hard time learning how much force he could use, as well as how to interact with people. 
Now we need to clarify that All who wielded Kazemi main Drive and Will cores are in fact conceptual’s, or rather take on conceptual properties when the drive or will is active, but the effect is very different for the children. For Mira and Pandro who already had what could be described as. Mortal perspective on life and the world, made using the core have major effects on them as Mira was able to even detect or influence the emotions of people around her with her core ability, right into their cores, while Pandro slowly lost his mind in the madness of Kazemi’s Creativity and Insanity. Now Dokia and Urial are in truth Humans but as they had their cores active from birth, this was a more direct alteration to how they viewed the world and life. Urial was able to see the very elemental nature and core alignment of an individual. His cells were true cells but more advanced as his body again was more mechanical, you could say his very body was able to see the very techniques a core had, and his cells each contained a technique, but in order to get it he needed to directly interact with cores directly to copy and add those techniques to himself an act that to a normal person felt like their very soul, their cores was being ripped apart and seen, it was beyond strange, Urial had a limited number of techniques, but when the drive was active he had access to every single Technique Irane knew, and Unity his beast was the control for this, as Unity Manifested as a transparent Animated Armour, and he could alter his composition to show different elemental types, which shows the techniques he could use, like water armour he could use water techniques. In this was Unity and Mono were in fact very similar.: {Note Mono and Unity are twins in terms of beast as they are both classified as Beast, (Note: Mira’s Emo must be reclassified as a Dragon not a Beast), they were twins with Unity being the older one of the 2 beast(Human class beast, or more like bi-pedal beast)} 

Urial was careful as he was taught by Kazemi how to learn Techniques from experiencing them in his core, and also how to combine and mix different Techniques to create new techniques as well. He was a master of Techniques even as a child, but he was also still learning how to act around humans themselves, as he rushed through the army he spoke with Unity: “So what is step one?” Unity answered with a question: “Well seeing as we are surrounded by Alma instead of Spirits we can assume we are were?” Urial paused as he answered quickly as child would with excitement: “That means we need to find lady Zoe than, right Unity?” Unity smiled as he placed his hand on Urial head: “Good, now how do we get that information quickly?” Urial looked around, his senses and ability allowed him to find cores kilometers away as he noted: “We can simply ask seeing as we don’t have to much time, we need to find them before the cities are destroyed!” He said as he rushed to a nearby town, it was small as he appeared suddenly in front of a gathered crowed. His appearance shocked them as he appeared in dark armour with different colours all indicating of the 15 elements accentuating the way he looked to the people, he had a mark of a Nighla Beast of The End on his chest and it was even larger on his back, with a golden Tree with a golden Dragon around the tree on his back. He asked plainly as Unity stopped him and reminded of what his mother( referring to Milla) taught him, as he paused while looking at the confused people as he remembered: “Ah, apologies, hello my name if Urial, it is a pleasure to meet you all!” He said as she bowed low, as the armour behind clapped at this as though showing he was right to do so. The Alma were even more confused by this as one of them stepped forward, his name was Iver, and he was the leader, he was confused but still greeted Urial back as he asked plainly to: “Your name in Urial, well your armour tells me you aren’t a Orians, and I’m assuming its safe to assume your also not Primal, so what can we do for you?” Urial paused as he stared at Iver: “I’m looking for someone, you wouldn’t happened to know where Zoe Navar is would you?” Iver eyes widened as he asked: “And would you mind telling me what you want with her?” Iver was worried as after that was happening in the city of the Ascen, they heard the worlds from Mira’s armour stating that she was there to capture and return Arai as he than asked directly: “I’m assuming your here to take Lady Zoe to Apexia?” Urial eyes widened as he smiled: “Yes, that is correct, I was sent by the Emperor Lord Kazemi to bring her to Apexia! So do you know where she is right now?” 
Iver moved his hand and signalled to the others to prepare to attack as he was under the assumption he was here to take her by force, like they were doing to Arai. He knew that a. Force was moving to secure her ordered by Azura who assigned Evin to go and see to it that it was done, Iver knew this, as he was the leader of village, urial noticed how the cores of the people around him were beginning to activate. Iver asked directly: “Just out of curiosity what does your Lord desire with Lady Zoe?” Urial was confused as he spoke directly: “Well I’m not sure, but from how he spoke about her, I’m sure he wants her to be his Queen… yeah that it!” Even Unity behind him nodded as to confirm it. Urial knew very little about all that occurred but Kazemi also noted how Arai was in a way his grandmother, but he heard of how he called and referred to Arai as Goddess, Hope and Empress and Zoe as Queen. The Alma from their perspective though that Irane wanted her to be his, in all rights they knew that marriage was in a lack of a better term, slavery with a beautiful label on it to hide the truth of it, and the Alma all felt a bit attached to Zoe. Out of the 3 woman, she was by far the kindest, she would always fight on the front lines, and even aid in treating the injured after the battles, she was an angle to them and in truth they didn’t want her gone, no they would protect her from the treat before them as 2 Alma tried to flank and attack Urial from both sides as they both unleashed a fire and ice beast to attack Urial. He just moved back slightly making them miss and both were in front of him as he lunged forward and used an Air Technique: “Flowing wind!” As both his hands were now covered with a stream and flow or rushing wind, as he made contact with the 2 people they turned into nothing but blood and pieces of flesh on the ground. The people all around them all screamed out in pure shock, as Urial extended his wing and covered him and Iver in a air barrier around them as Unity moved and stood behind the man, he was frightened as Unity spoke behind him: “We won’t ask you twice, were is Zoe Navar’s location, and don’t lie to use. 
Iver was terrified as he revealed they where she was, as Urial thanked him and left, Iver noted to those around: “That’s a monster indeed, inform lord Azura and lady Droom that there is a Apexian soldier here, im assuming his not alone, there might a whole squad of the. I made sure that he would take a path that would lead him into the advance force sent to the south lead by Evin. Urial will collide with them, hopefully they will be able to deal with him and his allies! We will not allow lay Zoe to fall into the hands of those… Monsters.” He said this with a deep stare as he asked all the people to gather the forces and inform the towns around to muster their forces, they were going to ensure her safety. They weren’t aware that Evin was sent to capture Zoe not for protection, but for security. 

Now it would have taken Urial days without the teleports they used for travel on Orians to get to the city, but as he was permitted to use the will he was able to use a technique from kazemi: Light-Lighting-Flame Phoenix Technique: “Flashing Jet Stream!” Allowing him to fly at unmatched speed, his armour and body allowed him to handle the G-Force with no major issues as within a few hours he was already near the sight as he noticed kilometres away a large number of cores, who were clearly active fighting. Urial stopped as he landed and started moving by foot wondered what the best move was to this situation, it was clear that the fighting would cause an issue and in truth he wasn’t really all that efficient at stealth as Unity spoke up: “I noticed that some of the cores active in the fighting were cores present from the war we had against the Arke twins, I sense them on the opposing side, so I don’t think we need to be stealthy, the issue of time is still set, we have 3 hours left, and we can afford to waste time.” Urial agreed as he charged up: “Unity, that city far to the south, can you find out if Lady Zoe is there?” Unity checked as he replied: “No, its to far for use, but I can sense a core of Kazemi nearby in the active battlefield!” Urial was shocked as he wondered if it was Dokia, maybe, as he himself check, and realised he didn’t know who’s core this was, he knew every single Valariyan core in Apexia, all of them, so this confused him. He deiced to check it out, while moving directly to it. He charged up and activated his will to full power, and merged with Unity, he was already in armour form, bit now it was an active battle mode as Unity Actived his innate Technique: Unity of Kazemi’s Cores! An move that allowed Urial to sync and use any and all of the techniques stored within Kazemi’s very cell cores, as Unity selected from the set of Trillions of Techniques, and set a limit of 3 for the first 8, then 2 for the Light and Darkness and 1 for the Ascended Elements. 
Urial rushed on through the ranks of the Pure Alma as he moved through them killing all In his path ruthlessly, it took a moment for reports to come in from the West side forces that they were being annihilated. Evin wondered about the reports, as he moved on with attacking the forces before them. Assa and Leo alongside the Human-Alma, he was focused on getting Zoe back above all else, as he forced more of his forces to focus more on getting through but Assa had set up a barrier with her Beast K’sNature to ensure that no one can access the city. They were surprised by how many came through, the Human-Alma were stronger than regular Alma, but still the number advance the Alma had was still a major issue, and worst of all they were using some weapons made by Arai, Hope and Zoe, which made the conflict far me dangerous. Assa wanted to prevent as much bloodshed as possible, but Leo raged at his. 
Leo saw the same hesitation from Assa that he used to see in Valariya, and it enraged him. She was never the conflict type, Valariya never wanted to fight or kill anyone when they were still fighting in the war between the Primals and Orians, while they were still Primals. But Assa was different, she had no issue with killing, but she still valued life very much. Doing all she could to ensure not many lives were lost. It angered him, as she was far too focused on defending the city as the children and elderly Alma were within the city bounds. They were losing as Leo raged on as he fought on with all he had, In a moment Assa was being swarmed as Evin now wielded the Ruin Beast that his father wielded, as he now used it to weaken parts of the shield, Evin was on a different level as he was the only Human-Alma directly, as he killed all Human-Alma in his path. Leo was shocked to see Assa move out to deal with him. He was he biggest treat there, Leo screams out in worry as Assa fought him, Evin with his Life/Death-Ice plus with Ruin’s decay ability allowed him to slow down and destroy function of living creatures around him, even slowing down their natural abilities, this was the very power that made him dangerous, more so than his own father, as he slowed Assa done, but she wasn’t stopped at all, using his Nature affinity with Fire to block out the effects as much as possible allowing her to be able to get close and strike him. She was constantly healing her decaying flesh. He skills with hand too hand combat was impressive form but still Evin outmatched her as he spoke out: “You know I’ve always found you to be quite beautiful, why not simply give up and give Zoe up, I promise nothing bad will happened to you due to this!” He said after kicking her back, but Assa moved forward launching Nature-Air-Fire seeds that grow and bound him, an effect from her core as Evin started to realise that his ability was slowing down. Assa’s reply was swift as she kicked him to the ground, injuring her leg but forcing Evin down: “Sorry, you’re not my type!” She said directly as Evin raged unleashing more of his mana while Assa ordered Leo to protect the people. He was annoyed at this, his pride had been tested non stop from Aliya ordering him, a child to him in all rights and now also Assa, she was in truth his superior, but still he raged at it, even the fact that she was chosen over him was to much for him and now he angrily agreed. 
The fight went on as Evin was able to badly injure and remove Assa’s left arm. He looked on with pure pleasure while Leo looked on in worry until Assa activated her Drive(Note all Valariyan’s can access the drivers, or better to say that can get a variant of it based on how they get the drive, now Assa using the Evolution Drive, as gifted by Zoe), she didn’t fully understand it’s power or how to use it to its full potential yet, but she still understood how to use it as well as she needed to. She regrew her arm and even her appearance altered slightly. Evin looked on in shock as he reconciled that power from the war when he was fighting on the Arke side, that was the same power that Mira and Pandro used in battle, he knew that sensation well, and the golden light shining from the eye. Evin stepped back in worry as Assa manifested some plant matter around her arm, with 5 specific flowers of colour relating to each elemental type(Fire, Water, earth, Air, Ice) As she plunged it into the ground as 5 elemental trees formed around them creating a mana field. She moved in as Evin was now taking this as a life of death battle. Leo watched on in shock as Assa was now a match for Evin, an Alma who both had a human body, and a Grand-Class beast. This distracted him for a moment as a soldier of Evins unit was about to kill him, as Assa screamed out: “Leo, watch out!” It was far too late for him to move or dodge. He saw his life flash before his eyes as Urial appeared as his mana roared through: Air-Space Technique: Strip Waze Air!” The punch was aiming right at Leo was the energy flowed around him and killed the warrior who was about to kill him, no just him but all the other Alma all around them except Evin. Leo was frozen. Petrified in fact as he slowly looked behind him at where the warrior stood as all he saw was blood stains now where he stood, and he looked around as hundred of Alma just disappeared and all that remained were blood marks all over, Leo noted as he looked back too Urial who’s fist nearly took him out. 

Urila scream out in pure excitement: “Your name is Leo right? And you must be Assa?” He asked as the helmet covering his face was a bit more animated than the stale, static helmets. One could easily tell how excited he was, as Evin moved back from Assa in confusion. He ran out as he tried to get distance. Urial looked at him as he winded another punch that would kill him as Assa stopped him. He was confused as he looked at her: “Assa right, Unity tells me you have a Kazemi core, and not just any Kazemi core, but one grated by his body, Its a pleasure to met you. Ive heard a lot about you both, mostly you Leo. Mom talks so much about the times when she, dad and my birth mother Valariya were still young and fighting for the Primals. I was so excited when I heard the name that I lost composure.” He spoke with the energy of an enthusiastic child, as Leo looked at him still processing the events as he spoke slowly: “You birth mother…” Assa spoke with more excitement: “Wait your birth mother is Valariya? So that means your Urial right?” He smiled as he nodded excited and energetic. Loe was still shell shocked by this as Assa spoke with Urial: “Really, the last time I saw you you were still in the womb of Milla… oh so that means Milla is your mom who told you about the war. It’s a pleasure to meet you, im a big fan of your mother Valariya!” They spoke normally while Leo looked on still frozen from almost dying, he was still trying to compose himself, as he noted that Urial was a monster indeed!
Assa noted how they needed to move to the west and deal with the Alma warriors that side as Urial said with a smile: “Don’t worry, I killed everyone there!” Assa paused as she asked: “Wait everyone, does that mean you also killed the Human-Alma?” Urial nodded his head: “yep. They were all cores that were involved in the war anyways, so why does it matter? I mean they killed many of use in the war!” Assa kneeled down and forced Urial to also take a knee: “Listen to me, all those people are allies, they are our allies now, they aren’t a treat and they serve Lady Zoe so please don’t kill any more of them please!” Urial attacked worried as he wondered if what he did was wrong, and started to cry in fear of having done something wrong. Assa noticed this as she hugged him and told him it was okay, and that she knew it wasn’t fully intentional and he didn’t know better. Leo looked on in pure confusion at the large armoured being crying like a child, it made no sense, while Assa spoke to him as an Adult would when reprimanding and then comforting a child. It was truly in interesting site to see the smaller framed woman comforting the giant armoured being. 
Assa moved back after embracing him and asked why he was here. Urial took a few deep breaths as he spoke: 
“I was sent by Lord Kazemi to get Lady Zoe.” Assa paused for a moment as she realised that the intelligence of the events in The Ascen capital were true as he brought in Urial to the city as he saw Zoe who was still unconscious. The warriors were worried as he had killing so many of both sides on the west side, they were scared and worried, and Leo manner of moving while seeming worried didn’t help. Assa then asked: “Wait if your here to get lady Hope while Mira with Summari and Nighla are getting Arai then who is getting Hope?” 
It wasn’t Urial who answered but Unity: “It is Dokia, and if I’m being honest we should probably do our best to warn that side about her, otherwise she will kill everyone there including your father Urial!” At those words Urial latched on to Assa: “Listen we need to warn them, she is death personified, and she will kill everyone in her path, everyone!” Leo took a few deep breaths as he rushed to get in contact with Leo and Rui in pure worry. As he did he heard how they were all creaming and talking about the battle, of Dark and Light Green Armour with a synth moving and killing every single Spirit. Whether human or not mattered now, all were dying as they stated that only a few were alive and how she was rushing towards them. Urial told Leo: “if you want her to stop, you might have to ask my dad to stop her, she knows his name atleast but he really might die…” There was a strange silence at Urial words, as Leo screamed out to the communications to tell Dio to introduce himself. As he did the person on the other end spoke out: “Are you listening there a thousands dead, THOUSANDS!!!” He screamed out as urial flung his hands in the air: “I mean it could be worse, at least she didn’t land in a village, as the voice heard this he reported: “How did you know, she landed on a large town made for refugees made by Arai as the capital was annihilated, It was packed with nearly 50 000 Spirits, and their all reported all but 5000, who are now screaming about having experienced the deaths of all the people there, this monster, it was sent by Arai, this is her curse, why…” The man broke down and cried out as the reports came in. 

In the land of the spirits we see when Dokia, arrived. As her entrance path forced to land in the middle of a Town on the North-West. The Area was set as a refugee Town as many from Sophioterra as many were set up in more crowded spaces in these Towns. But it was still very liveable due to Arai and the Spirts who assisted in setting up power and water resources to survive. As Dokia crashed into the Town, she emerged in an armour tailored for a female figure emerge. The Armour was mostly A mix of Dark-Black and Light-White Green all around with a Beast Marker on the waste acting as a belt buckle. There was far more fear and worry as the woman back caught the attention of many who viewed it as many artworks were depicted by those who fought in the war against the Kazemi, the Golden Tree, with a dragon on a ring around with Many marks as a sun flow around. The gold spread around the armour like a network of blood vessels. The more terrifying accessory was the large long handled Synth on her back. It long and it was clear that this weapon was more then just for show as it emitted a almost repulsive nature about it, It was as though all life was forced away from her, the Synth looked more like a warning rather then a weapon on all truths. It was large and even by looking at it showed just how uneven the blade was. But that wasn’t enough to deter people as they yelled out in confusion: “Who are you, what do you want?” There was worry as the guards and the army units stationed in the city approached and asked the crowed to move back. The man who was in-charge of the Town defences moved forward, though he even though he was fully armoured, It was clear by his shaking hands and nervous movements that even he felt that repulsive force: “So are you going to speak or are you just going to stand there motionless?” Dokia head tilled a bit as she smiled, the metallic markers on her helmet indicating physical features of a face moved as she smiled through: “Hi!” Commander Argus was confused for a moment as he looked confused as he looked around and replied back: “Hi, how are you?” He asked stumbling over the words. Dokia smiled still: “I’m good, I was hoping you couldn’t assist me by telling me were the location of the Empress was?” There was a bit of a stammer and mumbling around by the people as Argus looked on and asked: “The Empress? Ah, you mean Lady Hope Apolo… Well apologies I don’t think I’ll be telling you anything until you tell me who you ar…” His words were cut short as the scythe she had cut right along the neck of Argus in a near instant, his head on on her extended blade edge as the body fell. He looked at Dokia in sheer panic as he still felt his heart beating, the fact he was alive felt impossible as Dokia spoke: “Apologies if that sounded like a request, please tell me where the Empress is or I will kill you all!” Argus was speechless as he couldn’t get the worlds out. The horror of the situation was far too great for him as he seemed to pass out. 
In reality what Dokia did was simply destroy one of the mans cells and through that made him experience a forced death, which by Argus accepting died in reality. Dokia was the pure interpretation of Irane’s Cell cycle and she was a very very rare being indeed. A child of Life/Death who instead of controlling one aspect Life Force or Death Force, was able to switch between the 2. He current form was her in her sealed state with no activation of the will. Dokia in that moment was disappointed as he accepted death before disclosing the intelligence she needed as he looked around slowly, the people and soldiers were shocked at the sheer speed. In that moment black flames emerged from Dokia’s body and spread to the body of Argus, it green black flames burnt up as flames moved back to Dokia and a flaming bird(Cycle) appeared on the back of Dokia almost latching onto her back, It was cycle who moved to speak to Dokia’s hear. There was a pause as the soldiers gathered their courage and charged in screaming out. They all moved in quickly as Dokia simply pulled on her scythe(Transition), and seemed to disappear as she swept her weapon in a wide arch, in a moment they all fell down, they had no injuries at all, as they all simply fell, in a moment Cycle moved from body to body than returning to Dokia and whispered into her ear. Dokia nodded she listened in. 
She looked around at all the people around her, she smiled a bit, it wasn’t clear as the smile seemed far to normal as Dokia pulled Transition out as it was covered up with the dark flames on the base of the weapon as it seemed as a flower was blooming from the base, a Black Flower was blooming with a black flame right in the centre: Life/Death Art: Transition from Life to Death! The blade The black flames roared forth. The people in city ran off while the soldiers moved in to attack her as each suffered a death one after the, as the bodies of people suddenly erupted out, the flames moved out as Dokia moved through the village, as she made each person experience death, soon the village within a few minutes was quiet as Dokia looked on at the last survivors as she prepared to kill a woman, her child who was about the same age as Dokia(8) jumped in front with tears streaming down his face as he stood right about to die. Dokia paused her swing as the edge was about to cut into the Childs face. The child stammered as he pointed with his finger: 
“She’s… she by the south region, about 3 days travel in that direction, in a large City known as the Empresses stronghold. Please don’t kill my mother, please…” The woman pulled her son close as she moved forward. Dokia leaned down low as Cycle spoke from her side: 
“Do you think we killed all thees people? Apologies child but we didn’t kill them, they accepted death and so they died. What will choose I wonder, life or death?” The black-Green phoenix form moved back as he spoke: “52,387 people dead, Grand General Mira and Emo approved the death of a maximum of 250,000 we have down to 250000-52387= 197,613 lives left we can take without the drive active!” The words terrified the mother as she looked up. She didn’t know why the words came out but they did: “Death count, your keeping count of the people you kill, is this a game to you, does your emperor truly see our lives as nothing more then a count on a piece of paper?” Cycle looked at the woman while Dokia stared silently: “The Emperor does care, for your ives, otherwise why even waste the time in limiting the number we are permitted to take. Honestly I find the idea somewhat unnecessary seeing how you don’t even care about your own life force!” As Cycle said that Dokia leaned down towards the 2 as she spoke with a large smile: “I hope you both live a life where you fully burn all your life force away!” There was fear in those words, then in the blink of the eye she was gone, moving in the direction the child pointed too. 

Cycle spoke to her as she knew the lay of the land from all the death force she absorbed from those who choose death as she grew to a large size and carried Dokia, moving through the Air with tremendous speed. A trip that would take days simply took a few hours as she made a B line right for he city, as she was nearly there Dokia started being shot down by the Arial forces of the Spirts, she moved down as she was close to the location as Cycle spoke to her: “Are you sure we shouldn’t give them the experience of death?” Dokia shook her head: “We need to find the Empress, that is the priority. Maybe we might get rewarded by Mira.” That thought made her smile, as she encountered ground forces. They were already fully mobilised moving towards the Human-Spirit settlement to capture Hope under the orders of Pino who used her authority without her father Tenma. Now the path that was the fasted to the location of Hope was filled with reinforcements for the current assault that was talking places on the city which Dio was doing his best to lead the forces of Human-Spirits, but it was clear they were about to outmoded, and outgunned as they got reports that they had so many moving towards their current location with more weapons on their way. There was no way they would be able to hold out for long as even now the current forces on their heels were far too great. Pino had been waiting to make her move to get revenge for her Grandmother, and in truth she had far more forces prepared for this as she had already pulled most of the forces to the south of the continent of the Spirts, they were all moving down there. Now the reinforcements were lead by Forge Neel(Fire-Earth; Chaos-Darkness), a name feared throughout the land. He was the older brother of Konnar Neel, and his skill with the blade as he wielded what was seen as the most prestigious blade of the Spirts, A blade made specially by Elorah and Selis 1000 years ago. A ceremonial blade called Masamune,  legendary sward named after the first person who wielded it, the man who was titled as the God of the Blade: Masamune Honjo, a mythical figure who was said to wiled all elements from Fire to Darkness(and a core alignment of Harmonic-Light). The blade had been passed down from the current weirded of the weapon was noted as the greatest sword wielded of that generation within the Spirits. For a society who treasured weapons and tools so much, it was considered a sacred Tool. A blade with no peer, and Forge had shown this well during the war with the Primals. He was one of the most feared figures on the Spirits forces, but he was not summoned by Selis due to how unique the blade he wielded was. Now when the reports came in that he was the one leading the reinforcement coming their way, there even more panic as even Konnar noted how pointless this was now if his brother was coming as he spoke on him: 
“That fool is a monster who cares only for the blade and polishing his skill. His loyalty was always to the Spirits of Elorah, he trained since he was a child. Even his born Tool was a blade that got hotter and sharper the longer the battle progressed. He is a monster with the blade and we have no hope of fighting him. None as his core is of level 7. We can’t compete even if we are in these humans forms. None of us will leave alive!” He said with pure worry, as Dio spoke up: “It matters not, if we all have to die to protect lady Hope. Many of the Human-Spirits roared from his words, while Rui looked on in silence and worry. He wasn’t thrilled about the situation. 

Now out with the reinforcement on their way, Pino made her forces push on even harder, as she knew that once the Forge arrived, it would truly be a massacre as he was coming not with just reinforcements but with an elite unit from the Sprits who were all considered Blade masters, a title given only to those who have mastered their weapons, they didn’t have the regular tools most had, no they were a squad fully filled with those who wielded weapons, and they were on a different class, they were warriors. Masters in the craft of killing as Pino smiled at the idea of killing Hope, not capturing her. Oh she salivated at this indeed. 
As Forge was moving closer the squad started to lose contact with the squad who was at the back of them. The lack of return communication made him worry as he asked the second last group to check in only to get reports that they were under attack and assaulted. The reports was quickly ended as the speaker died right as he was speaking. This made Forge stop all his forces as he assumed there was reinforcements for the Human-Spirts, they didn’t know about attacking them from the back. There was a lot of confusion as he tried to understand what was going on. As we move on to Dokia, we see that she is fully on a war path as Cycle informed her that what she saw in their most memories where being ordered not to detain or capture hope but to kill her, which prompted Dokia to see them as a threat. She held nothing back as she killed every single warrior she saw. There were no survivors in any group. Bodies were litered all around, but what was the most terrifying aspect was how clean the kills were. They were all clearly single strikes to the most exposed section of their bodies. It was lethal cuts. Clean and almost perfect. It was like death itself was passing through. Soon the 3rd Group encountered her. They were ready for an army to or a squad so seeing only one person caught them by surprise. The opened fire while the main attack force moved in. Dokia didn’t stop or hesitate as ended them all. It was a brutal sight. Soon she had nearly killed everyone of them setting her count to 200,000 individuals. The last reming squad was the main squad filled with the elite of the Spirits, and the master of the blade. They were ready, or rather better to say there were prepared for the attack to come in, not the unnatural force of nature that was truly on their way. As Dokia moved close she cut through a whole group with one swift motion as she moved around and killed more. As they fired their mana pulse and buttes, she dodged and deflected all of them as she moved though the units. They were being slaughtered. It was a terrifying sight as Dokia moved through them like they were nothing. Moving and dodging strikes that in truth needed masterful skill to pull off. This was no warrior, no a warrior had limits. Their movements were predictable and they even had movements that were readable. This one, she felt wrong in every regard. This was no warrior who came to fight, this was a force of nature. This was death sweeping through the land killing all around her. In what felt like an instant most Forge’s whole unit was dead on the ground. Soon Dokia was on him as he swung the blade down. Forge moved more instinctively than conscious reactivity. He drew Masamune and block the heavy swing of Transition down. He moved back as Dokia moved in closer and tried to cut Forge’s neck but he swung the blade with a massive wave of direct fire and forced her back. 
Dokia moved back in surprise as blood flowed down the hand of Forge, he took a deep breath as he spoke: “I can’t believe you killed all my man with that horrible weapon?” He spoke with pure annoyance and anger, the synth was a horrible made weapon, in truth it was never ment to be used in a fight. It was extremely badly weighted and long. It was clear that this weapon was more designed to show case fear rather than to be a proper weapon for combat. Forge was truly enraged as he looked at her. Dokia paused and stared on at Forge for a moment then she spoke: “Your Good, you’re the first one to actually survive my first strike, your good indeed!” She stated with pure joy. In that moment Dokia pulled Transition close as she noted: “Lord Kazemi made me train with my different types of blades: ‘swords, spears, daggers, axes and more’ in truth this synth was the worst weapon I could use. It is my weakest weapon…” Forge passed for a moment as those sank in. He looked around him at the pills of bodies and the smell of blood and mana though the air. He wanted to scream at her, at how she was insulting them and how she was using some kind of trick or spell. But he couldn’t cause he had experienced it. He clashed blades with her, even if it was just once, even for a moment and he knew, she was simply that good. The idea that the weapon she used to kill his man was a handy cap made him uneasy. But it also brought to boil the rage in his body. Forged thought back to the past, to his first memory of him holding his original tool, a blade swinging it even as child. Years and years and years of him doing nothing but attempting to prefect his craft. Polishing his skill. He remembered the day he received the blade Masamune but also how proud he was of that achievement. He was already near his late 40s. Among the Spirit that was he considered an old man indeed. He never knew fear while he held his blade. All opponents felt like they could be beat while he still held a blade in his hands, even more so with the legendary one in his hands now. His grips the handle with both hands as he tool on his Angel Form. He felt it was needed for this battle. Now he knew it was needed cause the woman, no the begin before him was far more dangerous then any being he had ever faced. All he desired was to kill this child. 

He moved forward as the blade hummed with mana flowing on the very edge of it, glowing with energy. It pulsed through out the blade as he moved forward. Dokia brought Transition forward as Forge moved closer. He was now faster, stronger and his strikes more precise as he started to push her back, and even made her bleed form the cheek. Dokia seemed more excited at the idea as she saw the blood. She didn’t have time to process it all as Forge moved in relentlessly, switching his blade from hand to hand, changing his grip constantly, his form was changing and the mana on the blades edge felt like it was changing constantly with no end. Dokia was able to keep up as she started to smile more and more. As her armour was cut and damaged, as he moved closer and closer to her. All Forge had on his mind was how to kill this person before him. 
In that moment we cut to the Alma as we see Assa ask Urial: “How dangerous is Dokia?” Urial paused for a moment as he gathered his thoughts and the right way to explain it, as he recalled the words of Kazemi when he heard Mira and him discussing Dokia as he spoke the same words he said to her: 
“Dokia is special, in truth between Summari, Nighla, Dokia, and Urial I would say Dokia is the most dangerous out of all of them. As you know by now Mira, when you use my Will you turn into a conceptual, in a way you get the mindset of a conceptual. You can influence the emotions of others, and even channel them… but your still new to it which is why your gonna struggle. In the best way I can say it is that you still have the mindset of a Mortal. But those 4 children are different, they didn’t have the mindset of a mortal. Now they have the mindset of a conceptual of their cores. To them they don’t see the world as you do, or as a mortal does. The worst one is Dokia simply because she’s has the will of my Deaths, she can perceive the Life and Death Force of a person. The pillar of Life/Death is the most unique out of all the 15 pillars. You could say it is the pillar that even allows this whole universe we know function as we know it, Life force is burn as we live and turns into death force and we gain mana from that process. In most cases Life/Death allows a person to have mana that is very similar to Life or Death force. For example Nevir was able to directly control Death force with his ability, but then we have Minia and the Consa clan who wield the life force variant allowing her to perceive the very life force within the core and pinpoint it. You only really get 1. Dokia has both attributes. Life and Death. There are 3 levels to Dokia and they link with Cycle. Her base form(Human form) is when her body is composed of nothing but Life-Force as all her cells are saturated with it, in that stated Cycle is fully composed of Death force, which locks Dokia to using Death Force as a weapon. Which in truth is a limitation, she can only kill people who accept the death they have. One thing I’ve taught her is the ability to target cells, 1 cells in the cluster of human form, the one with the most death force. Her initial ability allows her to kill that cell and as it is treated as a ‘Death’ the person experiences death to, but they must accept that as death, or better to say its a full set of death. If they refuse it, they survive. Now the issue comes after she died. If you kill Dokia, and when I say Kill, I mean kill her physical body, well then pray… Pray for all you know, cause she will switch mana types of Cycle, Turning into a being made of nothing but death force while Cycle gains Life Force. And that is when you will wish you accepted the first deaths, cause then your life is hers to play with… She is death personified, and that is before she uses my Will of Death… I won’t lie I would much rather make sure Dokia never uses my Will, and she must never wield the active form of her too, its why I sealed it in that Synth. Transitions true form assures nothing but absolute death.” Urial words made them freeze in confusion at what he ment. The only person who even had an idea of how dangerous Dokia was from Urial’s retelling of Kazemi’s words was Assa. She understood better then anyone now after having attained the evolutionary drive how terrifying she was. A being who could directly manipulate Pure Life and Death Force. That wasn’t right, that shouldn’t be a thing. That is beyond unnatural, that is…” There was a pause as Leo spoke: “‘A Conceptual: A being who defies the natural order, one who is able to interact with impossible aspects of reality, beyond the understanding of mortal. In short a mistake, an error!’ That is how the Primals described conceptual’s. They were beings that should exist.”
Urial spoke then: “Oh, yeah lord Kazemi also said that Dokia in reality was special from birth, out of all the ones who even match her in the realm of speciality is me, buts that cause my Will was forced active from the first day I still in my mothers womb.” Again a pause as we cut back to the Spirits. 

The blade Masamune was dripping with blood as the edge of the blade now had Earth and Water mana flowing on its edge, blood was dripping down. It was a perfect truth, truly a perfect thrust. It took more then anything to get this strike, he even had to sacrifice his left arm to trust his blade right into Dokia’s chest, through her heart. Dokia looked dead as Forge felt the initial pulse from her heart through the blade finally stop. She was dead as she dropped Transition. Forge took multiple deep breaths as he pulled his blade out and took a step back land on his knee, gripping the bleeding stub were his arm was. He noted on the insanity of all of it: “I can’t believe it, no it makes no sense for someone with that weapon to fight and move like she did, no to have pushed me, to make me sacrifice a whole arm just for victory, I’ve never had to push myself this hard before, even when I fought the man who wielded Masamune before me, I just took a cut to my leg, a scare I can never let go, but this, this is a permeant marker. There is no coming back from such a wound… dammit, what kind of monster does Irane Kazemi have, what monster lurk within Apexia. I wonder is she special or are there more like her?” He said with a smile of his face, as he regretted not being summoned by Selis for the war, he smiled as he wondered what more he couldn’t have seen. 
In that moment Forge looked on directly at Dokia for a moment he, looked right at her as his eyes widened with pure horror as he saw how her eyes were staring right at him, and she had a massive smile across her armoured face as he noticed how her hair turned from a bright Bright-Green, to a Deep Black-Green, but it was how the synth with a deep black flower wilted and the Crescent  blade seemed to be absorbed into the long shaft of the weapon, then on that side he saw a new flower come through as it as white flower blooming. It all took place in what seemed like an instant, in truth not even a second had passed, yet he saw all of these details at once as unable to move at all. Then he shifted quickly to cut Dokia’s head of but he was to slow as Dokia moved even quicker and blocked with Transition. The look in her eyes was horrifying as he felt as though his very life force, no his very being was being pulled in as he pulled away, once his blade stopped making contact with hers staff like Tool he felt better, He realised in that moment that his left arm was back, the arm was fully returned as Dokia looked at him and Cycle spoke up: 
“I thought it would be better for round 2 if you started out with full health!” Her voice and her laugh made him chill as now the phoenix was a blazing with a Bright flame. The area around Dokia started to show vegetation around her feet. Forge felt like his very energy was being replenished as noticed that he looked like he was younger, around 20 within the reflection of his blade. He looked like he did when his was in his prime, while still having the full force and power of the core he cultivated for the past 40 years. He felt even more alive then he had ever before. But this didn’t bring him joy, it only brought more terror, pure fear in all its points as he saw Dokia draw from the Top of the staff where the flowers was as it became clear that it was a sheath not a staff as Dokia pulled a from the point and a long precise bladed pulled from the poll. His eyes widened as he saw that blade. It was in all rights perfection. It felt impossible as it had a shimmer about the weapon. It looked as though it was shifting but it also looked perfectly still. It felt impossible. In that moment Forge gripped Masamune with his hands, as he took a deep breath and flowed all he had, he looked at Dokia as he took a stance and spoke: “Tell me what is your name?” Dokia looked at him with a deep smile, her wound on her chest was still open but the blood seemed to stop as she spoke with a bloody grin:
“I am she who was born between the Veil of Life and Death, I am she who experienced every death that made the emperor, the death of his very cells, his very body. I am the daughter Sith Caedus, I am death tamed and life expressed., remember my name well I am Dokia Irane Caedus - The Emperors Reaper!”
At those words Forge froze with horror as Dokia took a step and looked at Forge eye eye as she spoke: “But you can me master, seeing that your skilled enough to kill me, I’m not letting a core like your go!” In that instant he moved back as Cycle flew right at him: “Tell me Forge, how many deaths that your blade has inflicted can you withstand before you give up? I wonder…” Cycle said as Dokia appeared from within the beast before him, in a moment he moved down as he gathered him. Dokia landed to and lunged right at Forge. 

She moved quickly, but Forge could still see her movements, as he saw the green flames from Cycle envelope the blade moving right to him, he moved in preparing to perry her strike and move to his next attack. Their blades slowed as the moved towards each other. The world froze for an instant as the blades touched, and in a haunting moment Forge looked on as Transition and Masamune seemed to pass through each other as both completed their forward movements and paused. Forge’s eyes widened as he look on at his blade which was now broken. In the next second he coughed up a large pile of blood. he blinked as he looked down at Masamune which was now in his belly cutting him deep. He looked up as he looked the very first wielder of the blade looking down at him with a deep and prideful smile as he heard his words: “This blade my friend will stand the test of Time and take the lives of 1 Trillion Lives, and once it does will it truly awaken. And you get to be the first!” In that moment Forge realised that he experiencing a moment locked in time, as he recalled the phoenix’s words. He looked on as died in that moment, then he opened his eyes as now he saw the first welder using a Technique of the blade on the 2nd individual: “This was a dark Fire-Earth-Air-Water-Ice technique, which made the user feel the process of forging from the flames burning him, and the hammer of earth striking and forging him, the plunge in ice cold water and tempering with blading hot winds. The first user was truly a monster as Forge felt the full experience of it all from the perspective of his opponent and it was pure hell. This was slow and agonising as in that instant Forge softly spoke out: “I can’t… I surrender… I give up… no more, I beg of you, please…” In that moment we cut back as Dokia had just made a second strike now plunging her blade into Forge’s heart from behind. She smiled as she spoke: 
“So you could only hand 2 of Kazemi’s Death Art: Death’s Reflect Reincarnation! That’s disappointing but I must admit Masamune I also want to see you now more than anything achieve your goal. Masamune Honjo, your first welder. He had such a strong will and effect on his Tool that it broke of its original master to achieve his dream. I Tool that can be passed down only able to be wielded by a blood relative or a being with the same or similar core desire as the first user. In essence its the blade that unique not the user…” Dokai contemplated as he looked on and after a moment she smiled: “I think I want that tool more then you Forge… yes that is what I desire and I think you’re the perfect person to bring its desire to life. Yes… I want to wield it, the perfect and awakened form of Masamune. She smiled as he stated: “You’ve take the lives of 17 Million People in your 1000 years of existence. You still have a long long way to go. I believe your a blade fit for Death!” Cycle said out she brought the blade to Dokia who held it with her free left hand after placing Transitions sheath onto her hip. In that moment she plunged the blade deep into her lower abdomen as in that moment she used her drive just for an instant. A Meer second at best. But in that second the blades very life, was exposed to Dokia as she took possession of the blade, the weapon that could be passed down. Cycle spoke while looking at Forge who was now burned nearly to death from the death reflective reincarnation. He had truly experienced it and he was nearly fully charged as he was on the verge of death, kept alive by the sword on his heart… as Cycles flames along the blade moved to him: “Dokia is doing what couldn’t, experience all he the deaths of each and every being that the Tool Masamune had taken in from its creation, both the ones its killed and the deaths of all those who wielded it. She is taking it all in. A Tool like that was created to take life, a weapon with a purse of Life/Death one which truly forced the blade to transcend the norm and alter the personality of the weapon, truly bring It to life. She is also making that blade experience killing her the remains 987 million time to reach the 1 Trillion count for a simple moment so to show the blade hunger and give its desire more ‘life’ in a way” Forge was confused as he asked: “Why haven’t you killed me?” Cycle spoke with a soft laugh: “We did, during the moment the blade was sealed you were shown death and you refused, you even killed her, well if you don’t want to die, then your live and simply experience the last moment of the lives of other who are dead… In truth this art is one of the more merciful once, you were smart to die in truth, some of your predecessors where true monsters, I mean some of them have killed people in horrible and sick ways. It is horrible, it’s bad. But anyways, your alive to be the host of the blade, its needs a being to carry it under Dokia and you will do well.” In that moment the Armour Irane gave her moved and placed the broke burnt form of Forge with it. Transition was still within his chest as it moved around the armours as he was placed in, in a moment Dokia screamed out in a horrifying scream, as in a moment The Flames of Cycle moved her back to her Life Form healing her. She took a few deep breaths as she smiled will looking at Masamune which was dripping with her blood and shining with an otherworldly colour. It was intense as it seemed the blade was coming to life as it cracked with mana flowing from within. In that moment Dokia rose up and she pulled Transaction from Forge’s heart and shoved Masamune deep into the chest of Forge where his core was now, it pierced his very core as the Armour stared he Core Human merge. It took a moment as as Kazemi’s drive was active for the proces, the armour glowed with an intense light. There was a short moment as Forge screamed out in pure agony and pain. The blade pulsed as it was absorbed into the reforming armour. His body and core were now that of a Human and of a valariyan as his body was different. Forge felt as though he was deep within his own mind as he tried he felt this body be still and stiff, its in that moment that he realised he was in the form of a Tool, he was within the blade Masamune now, as the Celestial consciousness of the weapon, then we realised he wasn’t the only one as he looked around himself as he saw and felt the presence of the former wielders of the blade. The shock was ended as he looked as he obeyed the will of the new host of his form, the weapon reincarnated and awaked under the direct control of Dokia as her tool within a Human Form. Masamune. The Celestial within the blade was now in control, given life and purse with the full desire to achieve the goal of its first master which was imprented on it, now serving Dokia, with Forge as the Too. 

Masamune spoke as he bowed low to Dokia in his new form: “I am honoured to serve you Kazemi’s Death, what are your orders?” Dokia looked as she asked: “What do you want to do now more than anything?” As Masamune smiled: “I desire to take as many lives as you would allow me to reach my first weilerds… no my desire, I want to kill to I can be complete.” Dokia smile didn’t stop as she stated: “Good, I want to see just how well you work, Lord Kazemi did say this body is on a different class and the hight the core you place in the more power the being will be… I definitely beat Summari, Nighla and Urial with this!” She said as she ordered: “There’s a cluster of cores active in combat in the that south west direction, im assuming the city forces are engaging the enemy there. Move over there and kill everyone there, I’ll move south east and try and enter in the least guarded  section of the city.” Masamune smiled as he asked: “And I can kill all I see in path? Dokia looked down, you can only kill all who are warriors. Otherwise what’s the point, and it must be a true kill of combat.” Masamune changed his stance and placed his head on the floor near Dokia’s feet as he spoke: “You truly are a wise and understanding master, as you truly understand what it is I am, truly I am honoured to have met one such as you…” As he spoke Dokia looked down in confusion as she moved to side and added: “Also not that anyone who is fighting is a warrior, after all were in enemy territory, fell free to go crazy!” Dokai moved out as Cycle asked: “You sure that wise, we have less then 50,000 thousand kills left?” Dokia smiled as she said: “Well technically speaking, I’m not allowed to kill more than 250,000 people, but that only counts outside the Active Will state, I needed to use the will to reincarnate the blade with its users original desire intact, with the memories of of all the mana, their very life force and death force echoes in that blade, pointlessly. They were simply reawakened to the desire to kill, their warrior instincts reborn, And attacked to Forge as the main anchor. He is now the tool while the tool is the man now! I wonder how he’s gonna find it?” Cycle smiled as she stated: “If lord kazemi finds out he’s gonna ground us again…” As she chuckled at the idea, while Dokia added: That’s why he won’t indeed. And im sure last Zoe won’t notice but Enari will. We’ll need to bribe him.” The acts of a child who is planning on her mischief. 

In that moment Masamune appeared striking through the battlefield fighting and killing all around, The spirts where shocked as it was clearly his voice wrapped in a crimson metal cloak with golden marking and the insignia of Kazemi being his and the mark of a the bird-skeleton marked on the from in a mix of the 2 greens of Dokia. He was monstrous in all his attacks and he also commanded the elements well. What was the truly horrifying part was the voice echoing from the very blade was that of Forge Neel. They all knew it well as they heard it often in the fields of battle before and after battles. Spirits where able to hear the voices of the their tools and other tools through Mana-force, as they communicated on that mana frequency, its simalr with beast to that only Alma can converse with beasts and understand them through Mana-Aura. Now they heard his voice screaming out. The blade which he was now was absorbing and making Forge experience each of the deaths he was inflicting. He was the very blade and he had the desired drive to get better, to be a perfect blade, as Dokia made sure that his life goal was the essence of a true tool. Forge was unable to stop chasing and becoming the perfect blade for the kill though his years of endless training he was now the weapon who endlessly desired to kill perfectly, the blade who experienced and stored the death it stored, and had the attached desires of the former masters and their skills added to him. He was experiencing being a tool and he was screaming out with each kill, with each moment as Masamune moved though and killed every Spirit he saw. 
He was deliberate and quick as he used 2 Techniques: 1. Energy-Life/Death Technique: Echo of Death(Storing the deaths and staking them to the blade as a marker, the move making Forge suffer) + Time-Life/Death Technique: Experience of the Masters” Which allowed him to tap into the skills and abilities as well as Battle knowledge and skill onto himself. Become a reincarnate of their collective skill, knowledge and ability, all reinforcing his desire to kill and fight. This pushed on to Forge to as his tool nature now forced it for him to truly desire to improve, to be the prefect blade. He was unstoppable as he cut through the Spirit forces and all their weapons. He was a non stop killing engine unleashing and mixing and matching different of the knowledge pull he had. 
In a swift motion and he sheathed his blade: “Air-Energy-Ice Technique: Frost air blade” A mix of a air projectiles added with the frost ability freezing the very mana and liquid around, With the force he added to it, the went right through his opponent but it made sure to strike in him non-lethal spots, but the Ice froze the individuals internals and causing ice crystals to form and cut the targets causing a slow painful death. It was clear that he wanted to make it as agonising as possible and even though Forge would suffer the experience and pain he was unable to not be the perfect instrument to do all of this. Masamune relished this, the battle and fighting as he moved swiftly streaming the cries of Forge out for all the Spirits to hear, it was truly a harrowing cry of agony and pain, made more disturbing by the voice behind it. 
In that moment Dokia moved on into the facility from the east gate, she had killed 500 guards circling that area as she moved on in. She shocked Rui as she cut his neck with Transition in its synth form: The cut was right to the heart as Rui felt the impact, the piercing blow as he fell down and refused the death, in a moment he was Back as the wound was gone, Dokia smiled as she prepared to cut his neck next, Konnar appeared stopped the swing of the blade with his Tool: Forger: Forming Tools and forming around him as 2 floating disks that can produce earth and heat it up, this creating a special mana alloy with different properties depending on the head level used to purify the earth and extract the allow. He was also able to form it into a shape as no he made extended polls with a long reach. He had used it block Dokia’s strike. But in that moment she moved back with a quick step, as she swung her weapon low cutting upwards, in that that moment the second Forger appeared and forming a shield blocking her strike. Konnar grind but he was unaware of the Cycle above him was stabbed her talons right into the chest of Konnar making him scream out in pure agonising pain, in that moment he also deined the death but the pain and talons didn’t move in fact Cycle clawed deeper as she slammed him into the floor with enough force to make the hard large deep stone floor to break through. Dokia stepped back as she was about cut rigging into Rui head… 

“Dokai!!” The words scrammed out in an authoritative roar. Like a beast, no a father calling a child to scold her, it wasn’t as direct as Lord Kazemi’s for her but it still caught her attention as her name was attached to the roaring voice. She looked on as she saw Dio who simply stood to the side looking both alarmed and concerned and angry all in one merged expression of accompanied by a striking glare. Even Cycle froze in that moment. Dio walked firmly forward and stared right into Dokia’s eyes as she stood over Rui frozen in her position: “What are you doing, you’re going to kill Rui, what’s going on with!” He was direct as Dokia felt a sense deja vu: “Sorry…” Dio put her hand on her shoulder as he pulled his helmet and showed her his face: “I’m Dio, trust me when I tell I you I’ve know you from when you were a child and knew your mana well enough to get chills when you showed up. What are you doing?” 
Dokia pulled back and stood up as he remember the face, vaguely but it was more the life and death force within him. She remembered it like how a beast identifies a person by scent: “Oh, Sorry Uncle, I was just” Dio stopped her as she noted: “I know your hear to get Hope, but still I can’t believe he sent you. No wonder there been so much commotions and reports of a force of death moving through the land. Come on let’s go, and you bet I’m going to tell Irane all about actions!” There was a bit worry as she followed Dio. 
In a moment we see that Masamune in now clashing with Pino as he had killed 37,000 people around there from both sides, he now made it to the point were most people were gathered so he could also get a good number of kills. The cries of his blade is what made the man seem truly monstrous as he cut through the people around him. He moved fast as he clashed with Pino(Fire-Wind; Harmonic-Light core) along with her new human form and the power of her already impressive and century old core made her a desired target indeed. As they clashed she screamed out the man, no to Forge as to why he had betrayed them in that moment the Masamune spoke: “Forgive me lady Seraph, but I no longer serve the desires of Selis as you well know, I am he who broke through from the very will of Masamune Konjo, I am his will reawakened by Kazemi’s Reaper, His death personified, but if your interested in speaking to Forge fell free to speak to him!” He roared as he pressed the blade close to her, The voice of Forge was crying out, apologies to Dokia and crying for death. He pleaded with Pino to kill him if she could. The very words made her irrupt with rage as she pushed back with clashing fire armaments and tried to mark Masamune but he moved back deflecting them all. And landing safely ready to move in for the killing blow as he paused while Pino moved back to get space. It was a fast movement but Masamune looked disappointed, only 38,000 well that will do I guess. Till next time Pino, I looked forward to making your death extra painful, after all it we wouldn’t want Forge to not enjoy the death of the woman he admires.” He said with a cruel and evil smile as he slide his blade into the sheath but the scream he let out was terrifying as Forge’s words marked all: “NO, NOT AGAIN, I DON’T WANT TO EXPERIENCE 38,000 DEATHS PLEASE NOOO!!” That screaming sound scared the senses of all present as Masamune disappeared. 

In a moment Masamune appeared having been summoned by Dokia, in that moment they all received the final view as both the Alma and Spirits would watch a broadcast of the destruction brought by Arai. The sight was terrifying but what made even more terrifying how the sound of detention and desertion trembled throughout the world. They all simply had to be silent to confirm the sight on the monitors all around, this was fact as even with the land of the Alma and Spirits, ancient monuments that portioned the Aevum were all brought down and destroyed, It was a full wipe out of everything that was Aevum. Shrines, Schools. Sites of importance, monuments and every city within the Ascen as all had a record of Aevum within. Even hundred of towns were annihilated in totality. The Ascen close by watched with their own eyes, their homes burning and turning to ash. The Spirits felt a child as they recalled the annihilation of Elorah and the capital Sohphioterra while the people in the land of the Alma all looked as they thought and looked on from the city of Pandro at the mountain turned to rubble now allowing the sun full view in the evenings. They all looked about as one question was asked: “What happens next, what will she demand of use next.”
There was a worry for some time as the world seemed more uncertain for the Orians. As that occurred The automates connected all three of the groups of Summari, Dokia and Urial. 

Their communication system was badly damaged by the automates had a spells marked with allowed for communication. All three groups spoke as Summari and Nighla would connect Aliya to Dokia, Urial, Assa and Dio along side Leo and Rui and Konnar. Aliya was direct in her words: “Listen and listen well We will all meet up at the south city by the Ascen territory. Arai was creating a means to move through worlds directly instead of relaying on already set portals we would be able to generate our own, There is a prototype there. All the other dimensional portals are of limits for access to that one is out only hope. Make it quick, also make sure that the people your bringing understand that they Well be traveling to the Apexia directly, that might create some issues with many of them seeing the wars and battles we have had, so make sure you bring. Only those who are serious about it. But regardless Assa, Dio make sure you bring Zoe, Hope, Urial and Dokai no matter what!” She said with an authoritative voice. As the connection ended Summari clapped at the words spoken by Aliya: “That was impressive, you could give Mira a run for her money with how direct you are!” She said as Nighla added: “yeah and a lot more practice, Mira is a lot more emotional with her words, you still lack the force behind you words.” Aliya looked at the children with a shocked expression as she noted: “I see, well I’m not really all that cut out for leadership. I much prefer working as a spy and infiltrating, then leading and directing people. Its not really for me…” 
As she said that a deep voice spoke from behind them: “You can say your don’t like it, but don’t ever say your not built for it. Lady Aliya you have lead us and many others to battle many many times and each time we have returned either victories or injured, but the fact was we returned. You may not see it but we see a lot of your mother in you. Like it or not Arai’s gift of strategy, skill and authority as well as that intelligent mind, I fully believe you fully inherited all of that.” The man was Orobs Vorius(Fire-Lighting; Chaotic-Light core). The old man added: “You have no idea just how many of use never truly had a chance. We may be loyal to Arai absolutely, but we are internality grateful and we respect you as well lady Aliya Nexal!” There was a short silence as Aliya looked down attempting to hide her blushing expression from the 3 present. In a moment she stood up abruptly as she roared: “All of you, stop wasting time and attend to your duties and help the rest pack up. Make sure everyone is taking the absolute essentials. We won’t be able to be slow on this one…” She said as though already aware of a threat unknown to them.

In a moment the 3 were now in the city known formally as Brulla{Correct of wrong}, the city which Aliya had destroyed when she first used the drive. Dokia moved through the ruined outer rains of the city as though recalling a long forgotten dream. The kind which makes you simply feel happy at the idea of them. She wasn’t in her armour anymore as she was now set in her normal human form. It was Rui who was the most taken aback by her appearance as outside the armour she was nothing but a small child. There was nothing else to note of her wither then the golden line in her hair and how the hair felt almost alive in a sense from his perspective. Even Leo was even more shocked by Urial. A child killed all those people and worst of all was the child of Valariya and Dio who seemed so human yet still the mark of his almost death the hands of Urial still plagued him. Leo was truly on edge after this. So was Rui who after experiencing that death from Dokia and the effects of that still weighed on him, to the point were he started to feel a sensation of fear simply looking at her. Even Konnar who noticed how he seemed of, tried to check on him as Rui stated nothing was wrong and left to gather the people. Konnar met Dokia as he asked the child directly: 
“What you did to me and Rui, when we died, what was that? Why does it seem to have affected him far more them me?” Dokia simply shrugged as she spoke with a quite soft childish voice: “I don’t kill people in the same way you imagine. In truth Lord Kazemi taught me to see the very beings that make up complex living beings, the very individual cells. He showed me how to see them and how to see the life and death force in each cells. I normally destroy one that has a large amount of death force, a cell in that stage of death or replication and rebirth. When I kill that cell the person will experience death, but isn’t simply them feeling the death of that one cells as the death of the whole. A lot of people simply accept death and die, while few refuse but refusing doesn’t mean one if free from it. Your died to mister Konnar but you accepted it as a false death, Rui sees it like true death. It happened many times back at home in Paradise, esspecially when I was younger. I made a friend Nevir Jr, experience death, for him it was a traumatising experience even though he had a life/death core. He always looked at me with the same expression as Rui now has, that expression of how I was evil for what I did… It made me sad and worried cause I didn’t understand why. I had killed Summari, Nighla and Urial many times, but they never looked at me like the way he did, even Lord Kazemi died at my hands many times and he simply let it be!” Konnar’s eyes widened at her words as he wondered what life this child has had as he asked: You’ve killed Lord Kazemi before?” Dokia nodded her head with an excited and happy smile: “Yes, I did when he was teaching me about life and death, and how to identify the cells of people, I’ve killed him one millions and two hundred time now! He always had the most dramatic deaths ever!” She said as she laughed slightly at the words. Konnar couldn’t help but also smile at the shear innocents of this child. It was clear that she was in truth simply a child as he remembered how Dio simply spoke to her in a more authoritative and fatherly manner when stopping her as he placed his hand slowly on her head: “We’ll I hope my death was just funny!” He said with grin, in that moment Cycle emerged as stated: “I can kill you again and we can see if it might be better this time around… what do you say?” Dokia pulled Cycle back as she stated: “Maybe next time.” 
There was a pause at it all. 

Now as they call arrived in the city there was a moment of silence when Dio met up with his son Urial as with no hesitation he embraced his son with all he had at the shocked of Leo who had seen this child, this monster kill with wave of his hand. He was dangerous but he saw him as a normal child. The 2 unified as Dio noted: “I must admit you really do look like your mother don’t you…” Urial smiled as he sated: “yeah, Lord Kazemi said the same thing, he even noted how even Tyler looks more like mom(Milla) then you. He said: ‘On serious note, it’s clear that Dio’s genes are honestly just there to fill the space!’(He said replicating the tone Kazemi speaks with to the best child like copy he could manage. Urial Paused as he wondered: “Tyler? Who’s that?” There was a pause as Urial added: “Oh, that my little brother. Mom said that me and him have he same father genetically.” Dio eyes widened as in Aliya appeared from behind him: “You really a dirty dof aren’t you!” Saying that with a large grin on her face. Dio seemed worried for a moment as though he was trying to hide a sin of his from the little sister of the woman he once loved, and now her finding out that he was Milla, made it seem like he was just everywhere as Aliya patted him on the back: “Valariya is dead, and life carries on. Not like anyone expected you to remain single for life after her death you know, not me, not Lord Kazemi. I’m sure Milla had the same regrets as you, but you both shouldn’t feel bad. I mean she’s gone… does that mean we have to freeze our lives and mourn her forever? No we must live!” As she said that Dio smiled while Aliya looked on to the side to her shock she saw Dokia who was looking at her while cowering behind Konnar. Even he was amazed at how she seemed scared while staring at Aliya. Aliya looked on in confusion as she waved to her, but Dokia simply hide behind Konnar. Nighla stated to Aliya: “Don’t take it personally, she actually really does love you big sis( referring to Aliya). You gave her first true experience with Life and Death, after all you are the first person to kill her you know! She sees you as mythical figure in her eyes, you are like a hero or the closest thing she has to one.” 
Aliya took a deep breath as she looked around the city, it was here when she destroyed and killing thousands with Dokia all those years ago when she used her cores ability for the first time. She noted the whole event as a long distant memory but now she back, leading people into the city she sent to ruin. Well no one but her and Dokia really knew the truth of that day, even though she was just a baby, Aliya did kill her and use her as a tool. She felt guilty for it, but hearing Nighla’s words. Dio looked at her: “You really have grown up to be a truly amazing young woman, I think Valariya would be shocked and proud to see the person you are now, you truly are incredible! Aliya blushed at the words as she tried to play it of but Summari added: “Well yeah, dad does nothing but talk about how much we should be more like Aliya in terms of listening to him…” in that moment Nighla added: “We’ll we do misbehave a lot, I mean remember all the times we tried to sneak of and see the battles in the war zones with out own eyes. And also all the times we snuck out and caused massive damage and nearly killing hundreds of people.” In that moment Rui snarled as he commented low under his breath: “Of course you monsters have killed people simply by existing. Monster are all you are!” He said with venomous anger as Summari spoke directly: “No, we’ve never killed anyone because dad made sure of it, setting up Paradise as a city where we could be ourselves without the fear of hurting anyone around use. Also the next time you decide to call us monsters, I really do suggest you keep your own thoughts to yourself. After all you don’t want to anger the monsters do you?” Her gaze to Rui was threatening in all rights. All her eyes said to him was: “Try me and I’ll show you a true monster!” She was very defensive of all the 3 of them(Nighla, Dokia and Urial) As the oldest she was the one taking charge in most case, and she became the default leaders of the children. She and the others knew very well how different they were from the other people around them. But their father never asked them to change, only to try and see things from others perspective, and he only did so after they finally reached an age where they could understand the world. They were humans who had cores of a conceptual nature. The norm for them was very different from the norm of others, and they only recently started to fully grasp that thanks to Mira and Pandro who where direct reversal of them. Humans who were now experiencing the world from conceptual beings perspective.” Either way Rui looked at Summari as he took a step back. Her eyes were threatening him as Nighla stepped in and placed her hand on her sister shoulder: “Relax Sum, look at his eyes, the man is already scared enough as it, no need to make him quiver with more fear than he already has!” The words annoyed him more then anything he could ever bare, these 2 children weren’t simply looking down on him, they were insulting him and calling him a coward in the presence of all there. He was about to rage and scream at them until his chest ached for a moment, the same spot Dokia struck as he marched out the room filed with anger. Aliya shook her head as though annoyed by the whole situation as she looked on at Loe: “Can you please get him, the rest of you come with me!” He was shocked as he heard orders. He was about to protest but decided it was no issue, no he simply didn’t want to be by the people around. 

Assa, Dio, Dokia, Nighla, Summari and Urial all moved through and followed Aliya. They all entered a room near centre of the whole city underground as Aliya showed them the secret work that Arai was working on: “This was designed for the upcoming war, a way to open a rift through Limbo directly to Earth. It was still in the prototype phase but in the initial test it was able to open a small door into Limbo, she used the spacial power of Hope and the life force shield set by Zoe for individuals. But the portal is inactive as Arai was upgrading it, so we need to both fix it and find enough power to channel it through!” The room was massive with steps leading to the centre as a downwards spiral. It was covered by spell marks to allow mana to be channeled and it was created from the very ore used by the Spirits. The system seemed impossible as Dio asked directly: “Okay, so now how do we get this up and running?” 
Aliya looked at Dio with a straight expression: “To be honest with you, its more of a gamble… I was planing on using the Spirit of Logos and Thumos to use the spirit of Kazemi’s mind and heart to see what was needed to complete it, and get the needed power to finish it, but that was again more of a gamble. In truth I’m not 100% sure we can pull this off properly…” There was a bit of silence as Souls appeared in her Valariya form: “Well maybe we should ask the children on Kazemi to assist us?” Dio froze for a moment as he looked at the beast, it was the first time he saw this, an older more grown up version of her, yet it wasn’t her. In that moment Souls looked at Dio and smiled as she turned into Nevir’s form: “Apologies Dio, I forgot that you didn’t know about this ability, make no mistake I am nothing more then the reflection of their memories and powers echoing as spirts, I can take the form of any soul from those who offered their cores to Lord Kazemi and died. That’s all.” Dio slowly nodded. In that moment Summari spoke up: 
“Ni(referring to nighla) remember the first ever technique we used?” Nighla stared at her for a moment as she added: “Kazemi’s Universe? Yes why… Oh I see so that’s your idea, its an interesting idea but the only people who can travel through Kazemi’s universe are those with his cores, so that would only account for Lady, Arai, Hope, Zoe, Aliya, Assa, Dokia, Urial, and those we captured (Tunde, Niro, and Masamune(Forge)). The others won’t be able to move through it without being absorbed by the universe.” Summari smirked as she pointed to Aliya’s necklace: “That would be the case unless we used the seed of Yggdrasil to connect use directly to the main true in near his core. Using it we should be able to shield everyone with Urials ability and move them through safely.” Nighla nodded as she noted: “True but we would need to active our Drives and call directly on dad’s cores power.” Summari clapped her hands, as she looked on at Aliya: “Have you ever allowed yourself to be possessed by multiple souls at once big sis?” Aliya was confused as she shock her had. Nighla spoke up: “No better time to try than now!” 
Nighla directed Aliya to one point of the room while Nighla and Summari moved to the opposite direction staring at each other as Nighla instructed Aliya: “you need to use the will to full power, not just the 1/10th available to you. In truth that limitation was set due to how the Drive and Will cores are connected. Seeing as Lady Arai used her drive for a few hours, you should be able to use it for an extended amount of time to. The Mind Core and the Soul core are directly connected.” Aliya spoke up: “Okay, but they possess me fully, I can’t really control it much. Summari answered: “You won’t need to worry, the spirts may possess you, but you must simply direct them. Give them a goal. The Mind core is unique and in truth the most powerful as it has the power to command all the other cores with the exception of the soul of Kazemi(Orexis). Using Logos along side the other spirits will give you full control over them, but you to ensure your goal is clear, Logos works with the idea and desire of perfection. So be careful how aim your goal. Aliya was used to the idea as She activated Kazemi’s Will connecting to his Main souls, but this was different as she didn’t just manifest as Souls, it manifested within her very tool right in her core. As now Logos took over the mind, in that moment Summari and Nighla focused their energies forcing Neosis and Phantasia also activated within Aliya action as supports to Logos who was in full control of Aliya, using the thought process of the emperor. The mindset and his knowledge pull, full set with All his spells and technique and the available cores as Aliya noticed how Dokia, Urial and even Assa were set as cores for use. Even Summari and Nighla were also added to that list. There was no hesitation as she focused on the objective: “get all these people to Apexia safely, I can do that!” Aliya smiled as Golden Blue-White-Black mana passed through her, she looked on at the system, and the portal as Summari created a image of the system, a model of what it was now, and Nighla assisted by focusing on the end result, helping Aliya see what she has at the begging and what the perfect ending result looked like as she began her move. 

Aliya pulled on her necklace, on the seed she got from Irane, the seed of Yggdrasil, she looked on as she connected directly with all her people, in a moment the seed was now in hands of Assa as Aliya looked at them with a possessed look: “Listen up. She spoke up to all: “Its will take about 8 hours to safely complete this. I have enough time on my Will too use it with no issue. Assa, I want you to focus on using your ability to activate that seed and prepare to bring it to life! Urial, make sure to armour all the people, you’ll be the one to protect them on the joiner. Dokia, I can see you’ve killed far more then 500,000 people, meaning you’ve storied up that collected life and death form. Work with Assa to make that energy into pure mana for the spell and the tree. Summari and Nighla get ready one we start, we won’t be stopping until were in Apexia with Arai, Hope and Zoe! Am I clear!?” She screamed out as all came to attention, She commanded the room fully as she She looked on at Dio: “Listen up while were here finishing this, you’r in-charge of the difference. Keep them safe and don’t give an inch Dio!” Aliya said as she looked back down. Everyone looked on at Dio for a moment as he took command and pulled all the needed with him, leaving Aliya, Summari and Nighla working on the portal. Assa moved to the higher point right above the Portal which was underground, she and Dokia set on that point as Assa started to use the power of her tool K’sNature to bring the seed t life fully. In a moment it broke through as it started to grow and expended, Dokia attacked the flower at the end of Transition right under the growing as she started to chant and pour her mana out, the flower ignited with pure life/death mana. The flower was boring the stored up energy Cycle collected, the life and death force he took from those Dokia and Masamune inflicted, all of it. The flower and three was suppored by Forge in blade form being the anchor. Exposing his death to channel more of the flowers power. The tree needed far more energy, durability and power then any other for the task, Assa though as she put all she had into cultivating the perfect tree, she was careful with it as she knew she had plenty of Time. 
In that moment Dio and Urial were moving around as Dio moved through with his son marking all for the moment. They spent some time speaking as Dio would share a moment of simply chatting with his son. Now Tunde and Niro were instructed to place a spacial barrier all around the city just in case and add it with a level of energy absorption on them. They had no choice as they were forced to bow in their armoured form and did as instructed. As Dio looked on at them he was amazed at how they did as told. Urial spoke to his father about it. 

Lord Kazemi obtained his hands on millions of humans bodies with no consciousness, so he began on his work to improve them. You see my body, the one I have as well as the body of all of use who wield a Will core had our bodies destroyed and remained from scratch. Remade from the very matter of lord Kazemi, his very body. Now the trick actually came from Irane Jr. as he was unique. Lord Kazemi always called him the perfect prototype. Irane Jr. is a perfect design of a human body and a core being formed and fully synched. He is the very design and the prototype of how to change human cells into cells similar to Irane’s but with normal genetic markers, intact. But we are different those of use who had Will cores had genetic info different from the one Irane understood. He comprehended mana not matter, so he needed large samples of out bodies, as he made our bodies with perfected version of our DNA, as he called it, saying our bodies were perfected, to the horror of Mira…” Dio stared as he asked: “Why, what happened?” Urial chucked as he spoke while holding in his laughter: “So we Mira’s core was being retrieved, her bodies DNA was mixed with that of Summari and Nighla’s mother, so now her body saw that Mina’s DNA had majority superior traits, thus her body absorbed those traits directly. Lord Kazemi said that she was now Summari and Nighla’s sister and also how her core somewhat evolved to a core of Energy-Life/Death). It even engraved the ability for her to bring those emotions into life through evolving Emo. Her reaction was beyond funny, she was in a horrible mood for days. I really don’t know what Summari and Nighla genetic mom did to her but she did not take finding out that she was basically sister with her.” Dio laughed a bit to at how terrifying that idea is, and seeing just how bad her anger and sadness must have been for that to take place. Well, she Mira is built different I guess.” Urial nodded his head: “Yeah, amazing, always fighting in the front lines. She once even saved the Emperor in the first war, as She scared Droom Away, them its said that during the final war, General Mira was personally hunting Droom down to take revenge. She told use she found her 2 times and each time she was saved and escaped her. And even master Pandro doesn’t get on Mira’s bad side.” It was funny as Dio told him story of his more younger days when he was under Cai in the Primals side, and even stories of how he got to the lab, but there was a pause as he was about to tell him how Irane killed all their parents. That day feels like such a long time ago, it was a long forgotten age to him now but still he paused, in a moment Urial added: “Were you gonna say how lord Kazemi killed your parents? 
Anyways he did carry on where we left of: “Urial noted: “Lord Kazemi adjusted all those human forms to be very hight quality, but he took 100 of them, the top of the top and altered them further, making them full tools of his, All the bodied that he gave to the Valariyan’s were altered to be truly peak forms. But 100 of them were made super special. less then 10 people have those bodies: “Aura, Isoke, and Adri, Nina and even Milo. The bodies we gave to Niro, Tunde and Forge, are made from those human forms. In truth we can only place level 7 and above cores in them for them to truly bring out the power of the core, and the Will or drive of kazemi
He did tell me how he killed both of my grandparents that day, for him it was an order he couldn’t disobey, but he still speaks about it with a regretful tone. He’s bad with emotions he says, but it’s clear what he means if you just saw his core. He worries a lot.” They both continued their walked and spoke. 

Leo and Dio found themselves talking alone in a room: “This is quite a lot isn’t it?” Rui and Leo were more then tired, but more then anything they were both somewhat traumatised, as Rui was still affected by the death Dokia made him experience while Leo was still reeling from being in the middle of Urial’s attack. It was to much for both of them as they simply say and spoke, about the sheer insanity of it, as Rui would ask if Leo was sure about going to Apexia, before he could have replied, there was a massive rumbled as 30 minute’s remained before Aliya was done and as the Seed had grown into a massive golden tree at this point covering all around the city, the spacial shield formed by Tunde and Niro was taking damage from what seemed like 4 placed cannons from 4 different directions. The city rumbled as the shields absorbed the first blow. They had stood but they wouldn’tt hold on to long against the next one Axola stated as we see him, Tola and Tenza all leading a scambled together squad, but the biggest issue was they were using some of the prototype weapons Arai was working on. She had created many designs and ideas while they were stuck. The Mana-quilver cannons were more of her first attempt at long range, large scale damaged and sadly they were fully set thanks to the additions by hope and Zoe to the prototypes. The 4 now were fully set as Axola ordered them to fire a concentrated beam, instead of a bomb, as they fired while using his very core, charging it with the energy he produces that was close to a massive nuked aimed as a a direct steam of energy. The child of Niro held, even against he unmatched onslaught brought on by the beams. They Niro and Tunde screamed with all they had as they put all they had in stopping the beams. It held for some time thanks to how the shield was absorb and rewiring a portion on the mana raging against it at that moment back. It was truly destructive,. The ones gathered around them where only Ascen who came with Axola. It was a large force indeed, it was clear by the position and power of the cannons that they were modified to be more direct. They shield started to crack under the pressure as a small pulse got through and burnt on a section of the massive tree, scaring it. The sight was horrifying to Dio who seemed to be reminded of the old days, and how his duty by Kazemi, was always for him to protect her, he recalled heir days in those old wars, as he rushed forward without thinking. He moved fast as he reached the top of the tree. As he plunged his mana blade into the tree top flowing his mana through it, The next beam came as he used his launched a bolt of White-Lighting towards the incoming blast, but it wasn’t enough as the tree broke some more. Dio became desperate as he pulsed his very mana all around the Tree, doing his best to pull through all he had. His was pouring his very core into it, into protecting the tree with all he had as he even against his primal nature, against his very body refusing him started using his very life force to the causes as the white-lighting trailed all along the tree almost like a living light coat: “Lighting-Lighting Art: Traveling thunder trail” The energy from it ensured that no beams that hit the tree did to much damage but it wasn’t enough. Urial appeared as he looked on at his father doing all he could, even during up his very life force for this tree, looking at him die. He felt his heart freeze in that moment as he looked at his father as he saw his core burning away, he saw it buring out, not just his mana, but all he was, in that moment he placed he hand on Dio’s back as he said softly: “goodbye Dad… you really gave it you’re all” As he his did the Armour he had enveloped the man, as Urial turned on his will: He looked on at the burning fading core: “What are you doing?” As the core of his father replied; “I must protect… I must protect Valariya as I was ordered… I will not give up!” Urial nodded as he stated: “I see then let me ensure that you are put to full use even beyond death for that goal!” He said as heplaced the fading remains of that core, all bing enveloped with his goal to protect the tree. As urial pointed his fathers core in the light of Hope’s very core. To the Forge of Kazemi, as his core ignited as the spirt within him died as all that remained was the echo of the duty he had now, as Dokia added to it, his very core was buring alongside the flames from dokia merging into one with his core, his body, and his core focus on the duty with all he had, he was reforging himself in that moment. His body and magic altered as the light started to shift into different colours as it formed into 4 distinct orbs floating about. The shield came now, but the 4 orbs stopped the stream in their path. 
1. Was of our fire unleashing a rush of pure solar heat, 
2. The second was pulling in all energy, freezing all and even energy around
The other 2 were the same type, as he had 2 of each. Pushing with all he had to stop the blasts, they were holding on with all he had, as he pulsed with power to keep the tree safe. As the time winded down, Dokia had sent Masamune to go and kill and disable the cannons, as did Niro who moved under Summari’s orders. In that moment they had only to hold out for a few minutes, just a few more minutes. 
Niro and Masamune threaded through the enemy and were able to disable 2 of the cannons firing. As that did the being who was Dio moved and merged his 2 fire-ice sun orbs together creating a more powerful fire and ice solar orbs. He screamed out as he started to push the sun through to push and keep the beams to the city limits. The energy and sound was intense. Axola was raging with all he had as he had done all this to prepare for launching his final call, a core devesation war head. A class 11 core weapon. Forbidden, as only 5 have even been made since their start and inception 500 years ago. Yes it take 100 years just to make one, as he was fully prepared desiring the full annihilation of Arai. His first step was to bring down their main shield as now he prepared to fire it himself. It was a purely evil abomination of an Art, a forbidden one never ment to be deployed as he began to charge it up. 
Nighla was the one to sense the build up of a terrifying amount of mana. It was purely dense. Mana of a mixed harmonic and Chaotic forced into a point of equilibrium, which was about to be disrupted. her fear was plain she looked right at Summari and gestured for them to get serious. 
The 2 children activated their drives as they tapped into the very middle which was their father’s core and then they connected with each other, the end seeing the being and the begging seeing the end. It was an intense moment as both drew all their energy from the main core. Their drive were set at the whole process from start to finish was set before them. The spells and techniques, the art came indeed. 

They both launched at each other as in a moment Summari and Nighla clashed in the middle of the room acting the whole Art as the room lit form the serging mana coming from them. They arms connected in a cross shape as they both locked their adjacent hands as they formed an infinity symbol. Mana flowing form one to the other, arm to arm. Energy being made and transformed, energy being changed back into its primal form and into its most refined. The charged with al their mana: “Kazemi’s Art: Kazemi’s Universe Pathway open!” They moved apart as the door to Kazemi’s universe opened slowly, with the straining and forcing screams of the 2 girls opening the door wider with more effort. Assa got the signal as she moved all the roots to latch onto all the people Urial marked. This excluded Leo and Rui who weren’t marked as they were found on time. The roots wrapped all around the people except them. In a sudden moment the rumbled as the ground itself broke apart. Axola detected a surge of mana from the city as he resolved to unleash death in all its glory as he fire the Weapon, the weapon know as Mana-Destroy(MD). Axola launched it right to the very city centre. In that moment The tree started to sink into to every ground as the massive object sank lower and lower from view, being swallowed by the very earth. In a sudden moment the tree was out of sight, but the bomb detonated as the energy from it cracked right into Kazemi’s Universe pulling a massive charge of mana as a response form that void. The mana that erupted from the city cause the whole area to change in totality as a mini mana stop emerged from the very depths of the soil caused massive shockwaves through the city. Leo and Rui survived as Aliya used the last for her strength to use the advanced art to place them in a different location in Orians. They were gone now as the city terrain was enveloped by the mana. The earth erupted in raging fire as the sky was consumed by a dense fog of pure deep mana. Altering the landscape for Kilometres in length. The whole region was altered from the terraforming bomb. It scared the land in totality. 
Summari and Nighla screamed out as they kept the gate open through Kazemi’s Universe as they moved through the channels being made by the Tree of Yggdrasil. In that moment Aliya, felt the full weight of her will on her mind as in that’s space she saw the spirits that made irane, from all his experiences set as ghosts, like memories, you can’t forget as she saw the mind and the spirits In full. The only reason she didn’t lose herself was cause she was fully possessed by Logos the highest spirit of Irane’s who system besides himself as they moved through. Assa and Dokia focused on keeping the Tree alive and well as it sheltered Million of Orians, they screamed out as the roots stretched out to the main point outside Kazemi’s universe. The roots extended and latched with some external roots far of in the edge of his inner universe. 
The Trees merged as one solid path was formed, right from the point they opened it. A back door say to speak through his very universe, from Orians to The outer region of Apexia lower of by the mouths and landscape far of east from Hades. North from where Kazemi fought Vraka and Selis, did the tree emerge. Right on the edge of the space. 

In that moment as the tree fully grow in his immense size ripped though the land and planted itself. Many of his roots moved all around the land. Fully anchoring it fully. Summari and Nighla passed out from the experience, so did Aliya. As only Konnar, Assa, Dokia and Urial remained conscious. There was a lot of movement around as the people emerge from the tree like they were bursting forth like caterpillars reborn as butterflies, emerging from the tree.
A loud voice roared as in a sudden moment they were all surrounded by the Apexian’s warriors. They were fully clad in armour as though fully set for war. The speed of their set up made them all freeze. In a moment he looked on as Mira looked on at him with a death-stare: “It seems we have intruders in the territory of the Apexian’s. Honestly how many times must we deal with you Orians? Will you ever learn you lesson and leave use alone. Maybe we should really wipe you from the face of the planet.” Her words made the Orians freeze in their spots. “Oh, pease give us a break Mira, we just traveled a very long way to get her!” They all moved their heads to the voice speaking as Zoe limbed forward struggling to walk. She had always been physically the strongest the most wilful of them as she limbed forward. Mira appeared next to her instantly as she braced and supported her as she spoke softly to Zoe: “We can’t be too careful in these times Zoe, we don’t have the luxury of trusting all who enter our border!” There was a message behind her words, as Zoe eyes flickered at the realisation. She ment they weren’t at full strength right now, and needed to be careful. Zoe spoke out as she stated: “All Orians, don’t resist at all!” In that moment the Apexian’s moved in all around the Orians, as they were all bought to the the western region on the edge near Hades and Ether. There was a lot of commotion within Apexia as all the Apexian and the normal humans were all forced out from the inner 4 cities(Hades, Tulla, Ether, and Sethia) This was a massive issue indeed as many didn’t know what was going on. The most they knew was how the inner area around Paradise coving all those cities to was now dangerous, and a place none-Kazemi couldn’t not enter. This created a lot of commotion as Terra was outraged at the situation. He felt like they were simply thrown out with no real understanding of why. The Valariyan’s there all tried their best to keep them composed, even using their magic, techniques and technology to ensure that they had shelter for that night. 
Kazemi was at this stage unconscious and forming his human body and mindset to complete the perfect seal. The ultimate version of himself. The situation was tense I=and the arrival of millions of Orians wasn’t making anything better at that moment as Mira guided them to a secure point. The Valariyan’s were all called to Paradise as they Aura and Crimi who were helping with securing the Apexian’s and humans they moved back with the rest of the Valariyan’s. As the Apexian’s were ordered to remain. 
The main tension from the Apexian’s feeling like the Valariyan’s were still being treated better than them was even more apparent as they all started to rage. Zoe stayed with the Orians, While Mira took the injured(Aliya, Summari and Nighla with her to get treatment. Assa, Dokia and Urial all stayed behind as Urial stayed close to the armour which was no housing his fathers soul. Unmoving from the golden tree in his armour which was cracking and showing signs of being strained and taken damage. The Valariyan’s all gather in the throne room in Paradise to see Irane awaken. 
Kazemi had explained that the version of himself that was coming through was a human version of himself one who wouldn’t have the full memories of kazemi intact.



Part 9.5: Those We Deem Gods 


It was a bright place, the whole world felt incredibly vast for a moment, He looked on at the sky which shined with trillions of trillions of stars. The words was massive as he looked around he saw what looked like Moons Orbiting, around, or many he was orbiting one of them. It was hard to tell, but what was clear was how confused he was as he heard a voice ask: “Who are you?” Irane was confused by the worlds as he looked around and saw a massive Golden tree behind him which seemed to stretch far into the sky and its roots almost consumed the whole area he was at. He looked on as he noticed a man of Golden hair and a transparent white-black cloak over him, his dragon features were beyond anything as he was sitting, Irane could see the 6 wings, large majestic wings and the claws and tail he had. He looked truly like human with beast features. But the smile is what was most apparent about the man in the trees as he looked on waiting for a resoponse from Irane. Irane took another survey of his surrounds as he looked back to the man: “I’m Irane Core Kazemi!” The man looked down as he spoke: “is that so, and what are you Irane C. Kazemi?” Irane glared at the golden man: “I’m a human, or was that not clear?” The golden man smiled as he picked one of the fruits from the tree branches and three it to him. It was covered in a golden layer as the man spoke: “Take a bit Human named Irane, it’s quite good!” Irane paused of a second as he tried to take a bit, but his teeth and mouth seemed to pass around the fruit. The man added: “Ah, You need to swallow it whole in one bite!” Irane frowned as he stared at the man and he opened his mouth as wide as he could to get the whole orb shaped orb into his mouth, it was large but he managed as he bite down a few times, as it broke in his mouth he was forced back as he saw the memories of every single one of the Valariyan’s the people who had offered their cores to him, all of them, he saw their memories, thoughts, emotions and even the spells and techniques they knew. He saw from the moment they offered their cores, and back. A few of them where now nothing more then frozen beings with no emotions and thoughts but those of a desire to serve with all they had, to never give up and to do it perfectly from begin to end. They were tools, now, nothing but mindless humans who were automatons in all rights. Then he saw the others. He saw Aura, Isoke, Crimi, Jade and Adri. He saw the thoughts of those few and he wondered for a moment as to why their feels had such a deep impact to him. They words and thoughts of him, the words and ideas they had. He looked on as the people, the Valariyan’s who still lived saw him as their ruler, and the thoughts overwhelmed him. In a moment he looked back as he saw the core of Assa in its memories, from the moment Zoe used her core and called her worth. He saw that then he saw the first cores he ever got that of Valariya and Nevir. Nevir saw him as a God who was showing him how foolish he was, but more then anything he felt the gratitude he had for him, and how much he thanked him for what he did for Sofia and pandro. The Valariya whom he saw the initial mixed feelings as he saw how he saved her life in that lab with Cai, he saw the promise to make sure she could always be with her sister. And he saw how she died, in that moment he saw death, a shocking moment. But nothing more shocking then the story he heard her telling him of the Champion of the Primals, Kazemi! That name was the same as his last name… he wondered for a moment as he saw it all and he can back to reality with the golden man looking him eye to eye. He swallowed as he saw his own face with more draconic feature looking back at him. That face was so familiar, yet so different as Irane asked: “Who are you?” The man smiled as he replied: 
“I am Kazemi Core Irane!” There was a long paused as Irane looked on processing the response as he finally asked: “I see… Your Kazemi? Right, what is this, what’s going on here?” Kazemi smiled at him: “Well you can say that I’m simply competing my orders… perfectly! So how did that fruit taste, was it any good?” Irane eyes widened for a moment as he focused on the lingering taste on his mouth: “It was quite bitter if im being honest, a little too much.” Kazemi laughed for a moment as he stated: “It that so, I never imagined that you would describe your own core as bitter!” His laugh was hard as even a tears started to flow as Irane looked on in confusion: “My core? Wait what do you mean?” Kazemi stooped laughing as he looked on at Irane with a smile: “Come now, you should be able to figure it out, I gave you enough clues after all… I am Kazemi and you are Irane, I am a primordial and your a human…” Irane continued: “I am a human, your a conceptual. I am The begging after the end, while your the end after the begging…” Kazemi added: “I was born from the end and tasked to Live by Kazemi Will, while you were tasked to Love by Arai’s Will” There was a pause the as the too stared into each others eyes, Kazemi’s Eyes were a stunning shining Gold, with many small particles, very hard to notice all over the eyes. It wasn’t visible but it was clear that the dots number in the Trillions. Irane eyes were a more lighter Gold colour with different mana colours around the Iris, the colours where deep as there was a total of 30 of them. All around, making the golden eye colour duller with it making those colours brighter. His white eye sections were wired spread by the 30 colours, as kazemi;s were all golden. It looked like veins on both man. Yet there was a one main similarity with the Pupil there was a deep gold which matched both men with a deep echo of it. That was the main colour of their cores and it was truly intense as a stream of golden lighting seemed to connect both the eyes pupil. It was a thin line of connection as Irane muttered: “I am You, and you are me? No we are one being…” Kazemi moved back with a deep smile as he looked on at the Tree: “Irane, Do you know what a conceptual is?” He paused for a moment as he thought about the definition Arai had in her mind and wanted to say: ‘ a being that lives on a different realm and one who see the world from a different perspective from us mortals.’ But his mind echoed for a moment with memories of Summari, Nighla, Dokia and Urial. He saw them as he saw them next to the younger (about 5-6 year old) children Nevir jr, Julia and Sethma. He saw how both were just children, he saw his son in the middle of it too. He looked on for a moment as the memories streamed through. His eyes widened as he realised it: “Conceptual… their being who can perceive and interact with cores directly instead of with the form around it. It’s almost like a being who is interacting with your very soul or an aspect of it. Wait a minute, that would mean I’m…” Kazemi screamed out in joy: “YES! Irane you get it now: “A conceptual is nothing more then a Primordial incased in a core, you could almost say that Conceptual are the first ever form the first Primordial’s that evolved to have cores were like. They were still so powerful that their cores were more like all they were, being who were pure mana evolving cores all around them. They were what you’d call pure cores, The first type of cores, then they evolved and changed to have life and force death, all around the to be mortal beings. It makes a lot of sense if you see it from that point doesn’t it.” Irane nodded slowly with wide eyes and a silently breaking mindset. Kazemi smiled as he spoke: “But that’s not exactly correct, conceptual are a bit different, as they are formed around a mortal shell. You could almost say they appear like Gods or being of a different scale to the average person, and that is true. They are beings with a truly Primal sense for it. Dokia doesn’t kill people directly, she simply manipulates peoples life or death force directly, and making them either experience death or life and I can assure that is terrifying. Urial experienced the full scope of all my cellular data when he was simply an infant core with a somewhat proto-core, I used the evolved version of Yggdrasil to create a sort of Core pathway. 
Irane stared in shock at that realisation as he added: “Aliya, Dokia, Pandro, Mira and Urial…” In that moment their very cores appeared floating high in the sky as large massive celestial planets, their colour were each the colour of their cores, Now Irane stared closer as he realised that those weren’t just worlds, but the cores of those people he named. Their cores floating all around.” Kazemi smiled: “Ah, your sharp aren’t you, or better to say I was sharp at that age, im shocked at my own youthful version… Well anyways yes, those are their cores, floating high above in the very centre of my being, the very epicentre of my Universe.” In that moment the cores of Arai, Hope, Zoe, Summari and Nighla floated closer, as though being right within the very planet orbit, or better to say, as though they were moving in set positions in alignment with the place. He wondered as he looked at Kazemi: “That’s insanity… that shouldn’t be possible.” Kazemi smiled as noted: “Oh, your going to need to understand one thing about me, I am he who can do the impossible, I am the one who created and perfected 888,888,888 Million Impossible Arts. I am he who conquered the Trail of Kazemi, a feat that took me 88 Million years to do. I am he who erased his very being his very consciousness. I am the begging after the end of the first beginning. I was born when my universe came to be!” Irane started to laugh at the absurdity of it all, it now felt even more terrifying as his mind which was very much still new, still adjusting, as he felt the effects of the main cores his body fell down as Irane gripped his lower stomach in horrifying primal desire to kill, his body felt like it was on fire, while also the same mode that Zoe used with Aphexia, then a sudden rush of pure rage and hatred came over his chest as he felt his heart beating and raging with all it had, the sensation sent shockwaves all over Irane’s body, with each beat he felt his felt and inner body expending and throbbing, it was like his heart was churning the very blood in his veins, not just moving it, but pulling and pushing it all at once through his very being. It was like his whole body was pulsing. In that moment his mind felt dark and cold. As he felt the pressure from the thoughts from Arai’s mind. The numbness and the cold of it, He felt his mind losing a lot of its function. Emotions were gone from the mind, his heart was overcharged and his body was raging forward with death pausing around with it all. Irane had never felt anything like this before it was far beyond anything as he began to hear it. The voices within the 3 cores. He then saw the memory and moment Kazemi fired an arrow from Deliverance right to Orians. And he saw the aftermath from Arai’s mind. He saw the new tool Dima became from her using his forge, his heart, and he saw the beast, no he felt it, the beast Apexia evolved to be the Apex predator of Azen’s Very core. He felt them. But more then anything the lose of his mind and the way his mindset was shifting in real time. The shit and lose of his humanity, his emotions, his care and compassion. The way he became so single minded and set asides all unnecessary functions and needs just focusing the tasks and how to do it perfectly. He saw it all. As Kazemi asked then: “What do you think the death toll was in that incident Human, How many people do you thing I killed?” 

Irane chucked a bit as he stared at Kazemi and raised his hand slowly, he was still taking it all, he was still feeling the effects as he looked on as Kazemi and made a zero with a struggling smile: “I say 0 died Kazemi?” Kazemi smiled as he stated: “Correct! I wonder why you thought that?” Irane struggled up as Irane smiled as he looked up: “Be cause while I was filing all of that, even the lose of my minds main subconscious function to the goal, I felt it in my core, I knew because as you where perfecting the attack, I was focused on making sure no body died, I knew because I was planning the full movement and how to get Arai with Summari and, Nighla. You where single minded, b ut I still felt my emotions, my compression of all I knew like echoes of ghosts, no it was that fruit, I felt the very cores of my people influencing me in my drive state making more focus more, on the spell and technique to save them all. All aligned with the information I was getting from My creation and destruction cores. Even now I feel it. This doesn’t make any logical sense and yet here we are?” Kazemi laughed at how quickly Irane came to accept what he truly was, it was interesting, far to interesting, as  looked on at Irane who was still struggling up composing himself as he asked: “Explain it to me…” 
Irane stared at Kazemi. I am your humanity. I am your Will personified, Aliya-Mira-Dokia-Pandro-Urial, they are all connected to the aspects that make me, make you human. All reflected back. Like a puppet, a consciousness made with those Wills. In short, I am you, before I was a contactual. Its basically like selecting a set period version of yourself and placing it in the drivers sit with all the human elements intact but an also amplified.” Kazemi shock his head with a wide grin: “Almost right, just one part you misunderstood. It’s not that your copy of my from the past. You could say I’m the past, while you’re the current. My humanity takes the lead, while the conceptual serves, but the more of your drive is active the more of me your understand, and better to say the more of yourself your understand.” Irane chucked slightly: “Are you trying to tell me, that I’m what started when you ended? Are you saying that I… have the potential to surpass you?” Kazemi smiled with far more laugh as though he loved what he was looking at, he was ecstatic with a grin: “Oh yes, Irane Kazemi. You have the potential to surpass me!” Irane smiled back as he wondered: “Tell me, how much of this will I actually remember? Kazemi looked on: “Your currently at 49%, the moment you wake you’ll be at 1%. You could say that when you surpass 15%, the human side comprehends what he is, but at 1-15% you will simply see me as well, your God, a being you can never defy, you will comprehend what you are, but as more of a man reborn. This is the 5th command. You are the consciousness the 15 pillars created at our birth. Your human form will be about 25 years of human life, but your memories will only end from when you gained consciousness at the island. But the memories of what you did under Minia will remain. You will simply live as the ultimate. You will slowly absorb and merge our energies merging us to one. With you as the lead…” 
Irane made a loud sigh: “A perfect tool. Basically a man who will do your will perfectly or attempt to anyways. I’m gonna hate you!!” Kazemi smiled: “And I’m gonna love you so much. Well let’s just hope Arai never learns of this.” Irane looked on in confusion: “What do you mean?” Kazemi paused as he noted: “We’ll in truth she has far more influence over you in your human form. Thing of it like, the lower our power, the more the gap is filled by the cores of others, the Valariyan’s all of their cores add to this system. They give me their experience of me, as they use my drive to cultivate their cores, all so I can comprehend humanity and what it means to be humans at 100%.” Irane eyes sparked wide as he wondered: “I see, so there’s even more beyond you?” Kazemi smiled: “You really have no idea what you are, Irane Kazemi: You remember my words, well. You are the core of core’s. The Ultimate Tool. And trust me, you may not know this but never forget how truly amazing you!” Irane was shocked at the passion and how Kazemi pulled and collided their foreheads together. Eye to eye he looked on at him as they both spoke at once: “I am Irane Core Kazemi! The Core of Core’s. The Eighth champion of Kazemi!” Then in a sudden shock Irane blinked as his core revered down to 15% as he started on directly eyes of what screamed out like stars. Blinding him, he was shocked as he thought was going blind, but he couldn’t blink and look away as Kazemi spoke, and Irane spoke to in unison: “I am the Core of Core’s among the The Apexian’s. I am Irane C. Kazemi, I am Irane Kazemi!” The bearer of Kazemi! Core!{Irane C. Kazemi - The leader of the Apexian, he who carries Kazemi’s very Core!” For him he sees it almost like the trail occurred but he forgot it all, known only to he he calls Kazemi, almost like seeing and hearing the voice as his God, his drive is always active to 1% always, and even when he sleeps it slips to between 1% and 0% never reaching 0, while not reaching 1%(sleep state) he recalls the Lab and the events he had to undertake and even gets it to the point of when he first gained consciousness, but he also sees most people in a different manner as he feels the pressure and weight the Valariyan’s place in him as he knows their thoughts and ideals about him, Their faith belief and devotion on the man as he was the man who now had the very core their worshipped. For them Irane Kazemi and Kazemi Irane were 2 different people in a way for them. As they understood what the ritual Kazemi did. They refer to Irane with his name: Lord Irane, while the Apexian’s call him Lord Kazemi which in truth makes him feel uncomfortable as that is the name he calls the God like version of himself.}

He snapped his eyes with the armour of Sanctuary as he felt like his body was being remade, cell by cell. He felt all his cores cool down as they all entered a ‘dead-state’ which ment they were dormant and and not pulling mana from the main core. Irane’s cores all reaching that state as his human form took shape. It was different from his old body, as it felt like it was actually alive, while also feeling as though he was in a state of life and death. Now his very body felt more organic, but still his heart didn’t beat and his mind was fully normal. He could always tell when his mind felt like it was shifting all set to a woman who was for from here, as he felt it beating in a steady pace in her body, while the one In his body was still, it was a truly intreating sensation, is what he felt, as his body felt stronger. His he flexed for a moment as he stepped out the main suite in Paradise. He was stretching like every individual muscle was being tested. Irane simply felt the focus on his body. It felt perfect, but also felt like it hungered for growth, like there was a level just above his current from. But still that hunger was satiated by Irane taking a deep breath. While moving around. In a moment he looked to the side as he saw Isoke who was staring at the him, who was in all right a naked man flexing in front of all the Valariyan’s who had assembled to welcome him back. All 15 million present in the main throne Room on Pandora, stating and laughing at him, the man who seemed like he was flexing and showing of his physic to the people. Froze for a moment as he looked at all the people present. In an instant he made a different pose showing his back the back of his legs. He did it with pure confidence while in truth he felt the pure embarrassment of it all sink into him, but he pushed away as he noted what he was ment to do, be the man who bares kazemi’s core and be the man who lives up to the expectations of the people. He could not Loss his stance now. Isoke moved in and smoked him on the hand and gave a robe as she pulled him by the ear like a stern mother, everyone looked on as many just started to laugh and discuss what just happened as Aura and Adri simply laughed as they rolled on the floor, Jade was shocked by what just took place as the sheer fact he simply stood up and started flexing naked, was just far to unreal for them to have seen the Emperor they knew have done, he knew it was Irane. And that the man had no idea what would be occurring. But all that just took place was far too unreal. 
Crimi was also shocked as he set Bearasil to record while he took pictures, to his credit, he did get many of Kazemi’s ‘good-side’ as they would put it. The moment was echoed with laughter and life in the Palace as Irane walked out now properly clothed, as he walked in on the crowed laughing. He smiled as he chucked at it all. He felt a bit relieved as he was recalled the words of Isoki who scolding him like a grandmother scolding a child for having done a ridiculous deed, it felt so human to him. It broke the tense moment he had just had, like a foggy dream now, but he still knew his responsibility. 

The room continued to rumbled with laughter until Irane stopped smiling and looked to Audis who was also chucking, who at seeing Irane staring at him with a straight expression, immediately shouted: “Valariyan’s!!” His voice echoed all around the room, the spacial dimension realm with allowed millions in his walls with perfect close views the main point, to the point of the Throne with the empty Armour of Sanctuary with The Empiric Spear, Bow and, Hammer were all around the ascended through almost decorating it with their mere presence around the very throne. Irane stood right in front of it as he looked on at them. 
The room silences as all came bare to attention, all these man and woman experience the war, they knew when to stop moving like a whole city of military personal. They all came to attention as though being called to attention. As they all looked on and spoke with one unified voice: 
“We bid you greeting, Core of Core’s, He who bears the Very Core of Kazemi, Lord Irane Kazemi, we the Valariyan’s are yours to command, as you are the voice of the emperor in flesh, we shall obey, we shall ensure of it all. The Valariyan’s have offered their cores to the life and service of The Emperor Lord, Kazemi Irane.” And thus we serve Lord Irane Kazemi this you are one, we shall serve, after your are one we shall serve and beyond all we shall serve!” 
In that moment They bowed low. Irane looked on as they rose back up to look upon Irane, upon their Lord, as they looked on they saw the man upon his knees bowing down to them. His long hair covered his face hard to see at they all looked on eyes wide in shock. In a moment Irane voice spoke: “Forgive me, I know I know I bare the face of Kazemi, so I would much rather not show you his face when he is crying from the pure and absolute joy it brings me to hear all of that, and most importantly to hear you say it with your very cores. It was to much for me to simply not react with a few tears.” He lifted his face a bit as tears streamed down his face, as he smiled, it was so human that it made all present freeze as Irane stated as he hide his face again “I am simply moved, so please forgive me for my display of weakness!” 
He stood in that position for a few more seconds as all looked on in silence as they all took in what they all just saw, and his words, his words cut just to their very cores to, it wasn’t amplified for them which is what made it even purer. Mira was there making sure Irane was able to draw on her as she stood with tears streaming down her blushing face. It was to much as Irane moved his head, and exposed his face, he was serious now as all the Valariyan’s took note: “I want you all to understand one thing Valariyan’s. To the Emperor, you are all worth far more than you could ever imagine. I was tasked to ensure that his core’s peruse their desires with all they have. This Empire is in it infancy, and we are the generation history will look back on, and I assure you, when their books will be filled with nothing but more glory, and more success. Apexia is our home and we are the ones who are chosen and accepted as expansions of his very will, and with that you gain the power of the Drive, but understand, you must use it to be yourself. I assure you now, he doesn’t want a unauthentic core within his court. I am here to ensure that, I am here to lead, I am here Valariyan’s to be the core with make all the Emperors cores, all his those who bare Valariyan’s cores, to all of them who are cured with Kazemi’s Cores. I am here!” 
There was a loud roar as they all screamed out in joy, for a moment Irane stood up and looked on at them: “I can assure you that tomorrow is not promised, but we will strive to ensure that the tomorrow we make is one we are proud to bestow tot the next generation, to our children. For them, and their children. For the generations to come, we are the foundation of this Empire, the very base of it, and its foundation will house our very decaying bodies on it. As he we build upon it. A grand empire, requires a grander foundation, a perfect empire requires a an authentic foundation or uncompromising and ever enduring cores. Cores that that don’t give up, Core that give it all they have, to perfect their core objective and desire. To make their cores shine with their authentic colour. To burn with all you have. That is what is means to be Valariyan’s. And as such as of this moment all those who desire to stand amongst us as equals must serve beneath us for 100 years!”
The room boomed with roar, as an acknowledgement of his words and their meaning sank in on them, and what it truly ment to be one of them. And how truly they special were. Kazemi was never good with words, but Irane, he knew how to truly move and speak his cores meaning. His was speaking to their very cores, and they knew how much he ment every word. Like his very core exposed to them and its meaning and truth laid bare, they felt like this was Irane Kazemi, this was his very core laid bare. He was Kazemi truly humanised in all rights. 
As they all roared for this and how Irane roared on again: “Now never forget your value and continue Valariyan’s continue to shine as the Emperor desires till the day you die!” They screamed out in pure joy at this. As they roared out the name: “Kazemi! KAZEMI! KAZEMI!…” Over and over the world as Irane also joined on as they all arrived their drives in. It was no where near as powerful as the Drive, or Will core but they still gave the Valariyan’s a gold to them, one that remained even as they deactivated it. The full activation of the core within them. As they had Kazemi’s core, in their normal state the cores are set as copies of the original core now in kazemi’s Universe attacked to the Tree of Yggdrasil within there. When the drive is active they get full access to a core will all elements, and even a boost on mental, physical and mana capability and strength, just slightly, they get to what Irane calls the Zone! Or Kazemi Zone!, ,When they are in full focus mode. Think of it like a gift. He said. 
He looked on at the people cheering as Irane lifted him right and and left hand in succession. The Apexian Empire was very much alive and now it would being its true expansion in the coming age. .


The room calmed down as Mira moved to Irane as bowed and spoke about the current situation Apexia was facing with nearly 3 Billion people not having home and shelters and unable to move back into the city of Sethia, which was the original location of all the humans, while the Apexian’s were spread of among the other 3 cities. The full scope of the situation. He paused at her report as he looked on Mira: “What are your recommendations, General?” Mira looked at him as she shocked her head: “I was never the kind to lead people, only warriors Lord Irane, I believe it’s your job to handle the people!” Irane sat back onto the chair as signed loudly: “True… I really do hate Kazemi!” He said annoyed at the work he had left him to deal with on his in real first true day conscious and he already had so much to deal with: “Summon Zoe Navar here. We will deal with the Orians, Pandro go and make sure that the Apexian’s and the Humans remember their place, take Dokia with you, that should sent the proper message.” He bowed as he left to handle it with Jade while Mira left to get Zoe. 

Mira returned with her as Zoe looked on at Irane who was on the throne. The armour moved behind the seat as though on watch over him and all in the room. Zoe looked at the very large room, it felt impossibly large for the outer structure. Millions of people were here all with the golden mark on their hair of Kazemi. It was clear just who they were. She was pleased to see some of the Alma that she marked in the first war. The ones she sent hoping for them to get a better life here, then there. There was a moment of relief as she saw hundreds of them all around. It gave her comfort. She looked on at Irane who was now siting on the throne looking at her. Mira had told her that this version of Irane didn’t remember the full events of the island. He remembered them from the lab so his memory of them was off at the moment. Zoe wasn’t fully aware about how much he knew as she bowed before the throne. Irane spoke with a roaring voice: “Zoe Navar, leader of the Alma of Orians. I welcome you to Apexia, it is a pleasure to see you. Seeing as lady Hope Apolo, as well as Arai and Aliya Nexal are unconscious, you are the only one able to act as the voice of the Orians in my land. In truth I only sent my children to get those with Kazemi’s Drive core. I was surprised to hear that Assa Kazemi core was fully active. Well regardless I must be fair to you, and those you came with. So tell me Lady Navar, what do you want?” The question landed on Zoe as she spoke up her request, she wanted to be friendly with him as one is with a friend but she couldn’t find the worlds, the pressure and stare from his eyes staring at her deeply showed a level of distrust and worry from him. He was on edge with her there as spoke: “Lord Irane Kazemi, I was hoping that the Orians who came with me where all given the chance to stay in your land. We have been forced out of Orians and your daughters brought use here so I was truly hoping to bring them here and allow us the change to live in Orians. I see that you have many Alma already in your court as your people so I was hoping you would extend the same honour you gave them.” She asked as her head was low. 
Irane spoke with no hesitation immediately after her words: “No!” It was an answer that made her lift her head quickly in shock as though trying to confirm his words. He looked down at her as he continued: “You seem to correct a misunderstand you have. These who’s you refer to as Alma, are in fact Valariyan’s. These are the very few who choose to be Valariyan’s, but make no mistake, most of those Alma warriors you sent were executed and killed by the Emperors own words. There are about 60,000 Alma who accepted being Apexian’s, but now only 20,000 remain, as from them only 340 choose to be Valariyan’s but only 250 of them passed the full time. Most of the Alma you sent were executed or used as mortal shields during the wars, we had in this land. That was the fate of those who refused to submit to Kazemi’s Will!” 
Zoe looked up in pure anger as her words came out with clear anger upon them: “You killed them, you killed the people I sent here, why, because they didn’t follow your law, your rules. So you think that’s all life is right, simply kill those who oppose your views, and feel no remorse over it. You disgust me, I can’t believe I thought you were better, no… I was the one mistaken to believe you were any better. After all you’re just a tool after all!” She stood up as tears of anger were flowing down. She felt angry seeing and hearing what happened to the people she sent through, the people who just needed a leader to help them out. She looked on as she spoke: “What else can you expect from a Machine, a Tool that does anything its told, even if evil acts like Killing parents and raping woman. Your nothing but an emotionless machine, just as bad as Azen, no your worse cause you hide yours under nobility!” There was silence as the Valariyan’s shocked by her words eyes opened wide. They didn’t scream out in rage or anger but looked in pure silent shock. They all looked on at Mira as they knew that if you wanted to know how Irane truly felt you look at Mira who expressed his emotions, the ones he was holding in. But she gave nothing away but a shocked stare at Zoe too, like she too was unsure what to feel at it. She gave nothing away about what Irane felt. As he stared back at Zoe. There was few second of silence as Zoe loud breathing from screaming at Irane took her breath away. Irane looked blankly at her as his eyes went from shocked to focused. He stood up and at took a step forward. As in that moment he stood right in front of Zoe looking at her red teary eyes: “Is that so, okay than Lady Navar, I won’t deny your words, because your right. I did do all those things and I won’t deny it. So seeing that is the case, I suppose only one thing remains for use to do. Seeing as words clearly won’t work with you, we will do it in a way you understand… You’re like a child who refuses to see the world for the truth of it all. Like a child who lives in a dream land, where everyone can be saved.  Let’s see if that’s true then. Let’s have our blades decide who is right. In the Arena we will decide on the fate of the Orians. If you beat me, all the Orians will be allowed to become Apexian’s and we will accept them with no issue. All will be welcomed. All. But if you lose, then I will choose those who can stay and those who can’t. I decide not you or them? And to win all you need to do is simply cut me, make me bleed once, and you win.” 
Zoe was still fuming with rage as she spoke: “Deal, and I have your word that you will give me full right of them?” Irane nodded as he walked past Zoe, who looked at his body and with her core she could tell that his body was in no shape to fight. It was clear that his was still recovering from his very flesh being formed. He walked as though these was no issue at all, but Zoe could tell that each step was a task to do, and she wondered the point of it all. 

Zoe looked on preparing to go as Isoke appeared next to Zoe. Zoe looked at her, as Isoke stared at her with disbelief at her words, but she still spoke: “Do you require anything for the battle or are you good to go now?” Zoe looked on as she manifested her spear ‘Panthera’ and felt her core’s mana all around as she spoke, I am ready now!” Isoke nodded her head as the chamber shifter, they were being teleported as in an instant they were by the Arena built in Paradise, it was massive as the stands felt like they rose up to space. But it was simply Spacial/Time magic, but still for it to affect such a large space she was in awe as she noted how Hope would like this place. Irane was before her as he held a undrawn blade from his hip. In that moment Aphexia spoke to her: “Are you sure about this? I mean not that I don’t think we can win easily with him in his current state, but do you think it’s wise to face him?” Zoe frowned as she replied: “I made a mistake in trusting in him to help my people. Even if it was an order from Azen, I should have fought back and not allowed it at all. I should have been the one to look after them. Then maybe they would have been alive now.” Aphexia grunted as she noted: “What a one dimensional perspective, well it doesn’t matter to me, i ain’t gonna pass on the chance to hunt Irane’s very core, this should be fun.” She remarked as Irane looked on. Zoe spoke up: “Are you sure you want to fight now, its not like your in the best shape you know?” Irane smirked slightly as he replied: “Oh what’s that, are you concerned for the evil tool who kills children’s parents right before them and also rapes woman, and even orders the death of the so called innocent Alma. Oh how Nobel of you my Lady, to show such concern to an evil monster like me, but rest assured I am just fine. If your that worried, your free to make sure you just scratch me a bit okay” Zoe expression soured even more from his mocking tone, as she noted: “So be it, I make sure to hurt you just enough to get ride of that annoying arrogant stare her beloved she saw. She rushed quickly at him at full speed, the blade Irane had was unfamiliar to her, it wasn’t the Blade Apex, or any tool design she had seen him use. Zoe prepared to trust her spear preparing for any incoming mana attacks she was sure he would use as his body wasn’t in the best shape and to her incapable of moving right. Irane simply stared at the charging woman as he flicked the blade open with his right hand making an eruption of fire roar through. She was shocked by the shear scale and heat of it, as she noted how it was Fire+Energy. Her ability activated as Aphexia evolved to repeal the water through her. She unleashed a Water+Ice Mana roar, opposing the flames. Then she looked down to her right side as she saw Irane in a low stance griping the blade with his left hand about to slice upwards, as Zoe moved to thrust her spear downwards. Then in an instant she felt a rush of electricity bust from the Fire, ripping through Aphaxia and catching on to Zoe paralysing her on the spot as though the beast was both inject a poison or nuerotihxing that was like a blot of actual living into the body, She froze as she down unable to move, her arm frozen in a forward trust position with Panthera aim in front of her. She feel to her knees, as Irane placed his blade between Zoe’s neck and shoulder, with the edge touching into Zoe’s neck. He stood over her with the blade aimed ready to slit her throat like an animal being butchered as he leaned in close: “Tell me Lady Navar, would you be surprised if you found your house infested with cockroaches after you allowed one into your home?” His voice was serious with no animosity. If he was angry, or happy he didn’t show it as he seemed emotionless, and sounded emotionless like the the way he used to sound when he was under Minia. When he was simply a tool with now will, or conscious away from its task. He sounded like that. Zoe remember this tone well from the time he was in the island, it was nearly the same, but those who knew him from longer then that, those like Mira and Pandro froze as that tone was of the ultimate machine, the one who did the impossible. The champion they remembered him as slipped out for them in that moment as Irane spoke: “Your a naive little girl who wants to live her life believe in fairy tales. You like to think that life is fair, and that everyone deserves a chance. You’re not wrong, but I think you can understand when I say even though I understand, doesn’t mean I will allow cockroaches into my home simply. They don’t belong in the house. We can make as many areas where we can cultivate and even use them for farming and the likes. But I can assure you, the moment I see one in mu house I’m killing it. Do you feel bad when you step on an ant Zoe? Do you feel bad when you slaughter an animal to partake of their flesh? Do you feel bad as your belly gets full? Or do you feel nothing cause that was simply nature taking its course?  I wonder how many times did you feel bad for the cows before you maker them with your little tags before sending them into that trial to be killed? Did that feel wrong or right to you?” No one spoke in that moment as Zoe started to silently cry as though she was re-experiencing that hell again. Remembering it all, what made it worse was how numb she was to it all at some point that she didn’t even realise she was killing those people anymore, like her view on life itself shifted. Tears fell as Irane continued while staring down at he with dark deep golden eyes: “Oh, and what are you going say, you did it for Dokia, you had no choice? Oh, did you even try, did you even think of one? Was there a moment when you thought you could simply take Dokia and leave with her? How many times were you alone with her? Trying to find a way to revive her, and bring her back, keeping her in that state of status unable to die because you felt like playing God? You felt like keeping her alive despite the fact that the child was all but dead? Oh, yes that’s why you did it right Lady Navar? 
I wonder what was so hard about letting go, well I guess you share that much in common with me at least, we just can’t seem to stop when were working on a task, like our very bodies are pushing us forward, even if we die we will return with a stronger form using the old form as tool. Until we finishing our tasks? We evolve, but there are plenty of ways I can take you down besides killing you, you know? Like knocking you out, or paralysing you while I slowly drain you of mana? That are good options. Listen well Lady Navar, if you want to keep your home clean, you don’t allow insects or pests in, and you defiantly don’t allow animals into your home either unless your going to train or slaughter them! Cause you need to keep order in your house Lady Navar!” Irane moved closer as he stared at her with a deep piercing gold as he moved and whispered in her ear: 
“I will not allow you to belittle me, while believing yourself some kind of saint. You call me a Tool, a monster, and I agree and ask you what you are for your part in my creation? Am I not like this because of you?” Irane moved back as no one heard that previous line, his eyes were a even darker gold now, 16%, noted on him now as Irane noted: “If you think you can assume you can beat me, an amateur like you who doesn’t even know the difference between a Tool and a Beast, well make sure you bring your all! Irane took Zoe’s frozen hand slowly moved it to make her hand thrust Panthera into his abdomen. Blood flowed down as Irane simply stared at Zoe. For her it felt like there was an issue, like alarms where going off all around her, Her core within this space was active fully as she felt it responding to the damage Irane felt, she saw as Irane stared down at her with his blade on her neck still, as his blood flowed down from the spear, to Zoe’s hand, her core felt her registering the damage, the cells lost in the move, the amount of pain and how deep it was, it registered as she saw her very core seem to want to heal the damage but before she could Irane pulled the spear our and moved his blade, no longer connected to Zoe he moved back as this symbolised that he forfeited the fight. The wound was still bleeding as Irane simply walked away like he was not injured, showing no real emergency or care to it as he walked with a blank expression. Mira moved down as she joined him by his side. 

“Tell Isoke and Crime support the selection from Zoe stock, Give her our rules and criteria and give the people the options to select which of the options we provide: “You either to choose to live in Apexian territory, free but law abiding for a set number of years, or you can be an Apexian, which comes set as your I in a sense legal citizen of the Empire. Theres were their choice, but they would do a full background check on all those who wanted to check, as they would note allow those deemed irredeemable, criminals who still had a tendency for crime, dangerous individuals who were simply going along with the flow. The untrustworthy who do not truly serve Lord Kazemi, as that was the primary requirement to join. They were to ensure only those who were deemed worthy could enter after a full mental scan. They knew how to see the memories of people well.” 
He looked on as he added: “I’m going to go deal with the mortal’s and the Apexian’s who fell like Emperors hospitality isn’t generous enough. You go and see your sister, I know you’ve missed her. Tell Nina to take Arai to Tulla and to watch her there. Make sure she secure, I was told that woman was dangerous!” Mira nodded, as she moved out while wondering what made him think of Arai as dangerous, as she shrugged it of noting how she is dangerous indeed. 

The bleeding had stopped but he still arrived with that bloody wound and blood filled clothes to the outer region of Setha’s outer terror were the Human’s and Apexian’s were screaming out. He was accompanied by Aura and Adri flanking him on his wounded side as she was the one using her water-wind core to keep the blood from gushing out. In truth Irane was in immense amount of pain but he didn’t want it to show as he kept his emote expression. Panthera was a powerful weapon, one that would take more then normal healing as he regretted how deep he plunged it, but also how he wanted to get healed by it, but that would have been the wrong message to send in that moment. He was annoyed by her comment of what he stated he did, not because it wasn’t wrong, but because she saw her self as some kind of saint. Like she was innocent and had no blood on her hands. It was so childish to him. But he still felt embraced by it as it fel like he was throwing insults back at her, like a child. He wondered how his reputation would now. The valariyan’s expectations of him were high. And it wighted on him with intensity. He wanted to be that symbol they envisioned him to be and he needed to be perfect. But still the man felt the worry and the pain as Adri asked: “Lord Irane, you sure you don’t want to get medical attention first, I know your not used to being human or maybe you never did now, im not sure but this wound it bad. I suggest we get it healed first. Aura nodded with a bit of fervour as Irane stopped for a moment: “To be honest with you I simply can’t, I pushed my body to 16% this early on and even wounded myself with a weapon of that class. I’m going to pass out and be out for a while. I want to deal with those people first before dealign with it, for now I’ll relay on you 2 to have my back.” 
His words made them move as Adri pulled her Kazemi Beast: “Triple Point” Able to spread and alter the density of water and Air molecules, changing the pressure around, The beast forms as she Phase shifting Air/water vapour bird, A large beast bird class Avian Beast. It was able to expend and effect the water and air pressure, even alter the state of of it in the area. This was just one of if her basic passives, as she could used basic water healing magic, Using her darkness nature core, she was able to use some harmonic-dark magic: “Blood Point” As she formed a dark water barrier around it, and even change the pressure around the wound. 
They arrived by Humans all screaming and yelling almost as thought they were rioting. They looked on as the people were crying out in rage and anger raging near the front of the Gate point. He was screaming out and prompting the people to be angry and how unfair it is that they had built a whole city, and now they are forced to sleep under the clouds. He favours only his golden people, his little Valariyan’s, who all claim it isn’t a luxury, they say you can’t access Paradise first, and not they sat we can’t in even live in The four city or we will die. What rubbish is this. We will note accept, Kazemi must answer for his…” In an instant Terra’s head was bared down into the ground as Irane forced and kept his head down with his leg foot. There was a sharp silence as the mob was silent in that moment as Irane simply on, but there was an emotions, a scowl that should his anger. They all didn’t know the difference between Irane(1%-49%) and Kazemi(50-99%), they all only saw him as Kazemi as now that man was before them, stepping on the man who was fuelling them was now struggling to move as his head was on the ground. His positions was clear, beneath the Emperors foot, and the Emperor was now happy. All froze as though caught in a crime. Irane looked on as he spoke with clear anger was annoyance in his words, that shocked even Adri and Aura, as for them it felt like a new man before them. They even felt it rage: “So you all want to die, please go ahead and enter Sethia, go back to your homes, oh wait, you can’t because the second you pass and enter past this point, you will die! You want to die, go ahead! Go ahead and die!” 

The people fell silent as Irane continued: “I want to make one thing clear here, Your not doing Apexia any favours, were doing you a favour by allowing you so stay in our land, to not fight in your pointless war on earth. You are here because Crimi Night requested that you stay here away from the war! And he agreed, but there were stipulation such that you will will work for the Apexian’s, you will be of service. You are all feed and safe, and now you cry in outrage because you feel like your being exploited, please feel free to leave, the door is note closed, you can return to earth or you can go to Orians or leave and explore the vast and infinite territories within Limbo, your choice. You can go. But don’t you dare ever say we are exploiting you, while we’re shielding you! 
And you Apexian’s, I promise you, there will be consequences for this as this nothing more then insubordination and rebellion actions. You will all be trialed and sentence, all who stand here, all will be examined. You all agreed to live within the laws of Kazemi, you know the law, you all agreed to the law, and now you protested and cry against the very laws you agreed to, we moved you under the authority of the Emperor and you still cry and rebellion when none of you are doing, cold, hungry and ill? What is that but rebellion! I will make an example of you all, an example that will last!” In that moment A large mana figure of Enari and Iris appeared, not fully visible but more like a mirage but they were large and terrifying, showing of a sinister appearance: “Some I will feed to Enari in front of you all, and force you to watch until he shits them out! And then the others, they will be turning to paste and fertiliser and as iris reprocesses you all, completely! So which options sounds good to you?” There was a quick scramble as all the Apexian feel down to their feet with their heads to the ground begging for forgiveness. They all cried out as Irane looked and they all feel silent for a moment. Irane looked on as he spoke again: “You will obey or die, those are your only 2 options whiles you choose to stay here in Apexia, am I clear?” They all cried out, yes, understood my lord Kazemi, in that moment Irane Moved the images of Iris and Enari and had 10 Apexian’s pulled into the air, as iris seemed to absorb them into her dicks, while Enari at his 5 with a massive bit, the most terrifying part was the screams as they heard it all. The bones crunching, and even them breaking with Iris to, the sound was terrifying as even the humans now were on the floor bowing. Irane had killed the 10 who were the main instigators of this, based on him looking at their cores. He looked on at their reactions to his words, and theirs were the most negative reactions, or anger and rage instead of regret. So he killed them to make an example. The people where silent as Irane spoke again: 
“Seeing that none of you have left, I’ll take it as we have an understanding. I assure you this will never happened again, for if it does, no one will be witnessed to it, for all who participated will be killed and erased!” He said as he looked. His rage and anger was amplified by his core’s amplifying effect of him. His rage seemed like a demonic beastly figure about to end them. They all felt fear and terror, Irane spoke again: “Listen up, we will be reorganising, we expend and creating  more locations and cities, stand with your families for registration, all will, be assigned, and I want to ensure all families move together. We will be doing this immediately as we serve set up for dinner.” In that moment many Transport from the Valariyan’s came through as Irane looked at Aura: “Listen up, make sure that this whole info gathering is smooth and quick, I want it done yesterday, and all people accounted for Aura! Aura bowed as she moved to join the Valariyan’s. In that moment Irane spoke: “You know I really find you vexing and annoying Terra Night? You are a genuine pest in all rights. Not only did you start hunting Fearil and Celestial to implant into people which resulted in hundreds of your people dying, only saved by the Emperors mercy in ending your stupidity and helping with you that whole nonsense, making sure only 2% of the people died, but still your angry. We know that you’ve been sending many of the humans back as soldiers with beasts and celestials. We didn’t stop you, cause we really don’t care what you as long as we aren’t connected, but this is a different act all together Terra… This is the last straw!” In that moment he moved his foot of his head and kicking him with his other foot sending him flying, crashing into the stone’s in the hill side they were on. Irane looked at Adri: “Please escort Terra Night and all those who are close to him out of Apexia, and send them back to Crimi please” Adri bowed low as she did as he ordered, dragging Terra’s unconscious body. 
In that moment Irane looked on as he spoke to himself: “How disappointing, I was hoping my first act in office wouldn’t be a public execution. Enari and Iris voiced echoes within Irane’s head as Iris noted: “Well wasn’t your first action flexing naked before your subjects?” Enari snickered as he added: “My favourite part as how your fight before your people was a forfeit/ lose. Oh how inspiring to see our new leader lose his first fight!” Iris remarked: “You count that as an actual fight, you need help” As Irane added: “I don’t really care about all that, I care more about that which is to come. The Orians, will want Arai’s head, while I know for a fact the Primals are far from done with their champion, but most importantly, the internal disorder growing within Apexia. It is to fragile. And now we need to compensate. I wish that war on earth would just end, so we can send the humans back!” Enari spoke: “You know the fastest way to do that… we can just destroy the Primals and that solves our problems!” Iris added: “It is the most logical suggestion.” Irane noted: “True, it would solve so many problems, to bad there are some complications such as my son being their right now, and also how Minia is there, and I can assure you, I don’t want to deal with that woman if possible, She got Pain, and I don’t even know how that woman got that beast from use. She’s dangerous to use, so it’s best we focus on stabling the house before we go out and deal with the outer yard.” He said as he turned back. 

Mira entered the room where Hope was placed as she pulled a chair and sat next to her sister who was lying unconscious on the bed. She looked on as she spoke: “You know, I feel like you really don’t like me sis. I mean every time I see you, your always unconscious or in a comma, honestly I feel like you hate talking to me, but you know it has been a few years since we met, so maybe if your gonna pretend to be asleep, it would be smarter to not use your spacial ability to monitor your surrounding, it leave’s behind a mana trail.” Hope opened her eyes as she looked at her sister as she got up: “I was sure I no one would notice, but I guess I should have been more considerate seeing as you were here.” Mira stared at her sister as she leaned in and lied on her lap and as Hope placed her hand on her sister face, they looked at each other like they hadn’t seen one another for years, well they hadn’t and that’s the point. Mira smiled as she spoke: “I heard you killed Elorah and are the rightful ruler of the Spirits sis, congratulation your highness!” Hope chucked as she replied: “And I heard you traumatised our father, and the 3 stooges: Axola, Tunde and Tenza), I was shocked to hear how you killed millions of our Orians.” Mira smiled as she added: “So says the ‘Empress’, real nice title there, really leaning into the myth hey!” Hope moved up as she replied quickly: “So says the woman who controlled the emotions of all who came to battle her. What they call you, oh yes: ‘Kazemi’s General’” they both looked at each other as Hope broke the silence: 
“I bet you didn’t go through more bullshit than me?” Mira smiled as she nodded in the challenge. Hope laughed as she noted: “I was groomed by Elorah, and hunted by Minia during the war.” Mira got up and grabbed her sister hand as she stared at her sister hands:
“Well I learned that my DNA was changed, and my mother’s genetic markers were changed and replaced by Minia ’superior’ blood. Making her my half sister as we now share the same genetic mother, like how me and you share a father. So because of that my core changed and now I have a Life/Death-Energy core instead of my old Energy core. And Minia is my sister… did I tell you that Minia is my sister now?” Hope looked at her sister who’s face was blank but she could tell how much this bothered her, and how bad this was as she spoke: “Damn, that’s… wow, yeah no you win, but when did that happened?” Mira sighed as she told her sister what Kazemi told her when he explained it to her when she asked for him to train her: 
“Kazemi told me plainly that my DNA was altered as he explained to me how it all occurred and how the bodies differed: 
His voice was somewhat anxious as though he knew the worlds he would speak would upset me. Summari and Nighla were present with urial and Dokia close to as all four played by him, Pandro was there looking on at the children worried when they would attack him, as they normally did as he spoke :“Mira, I wanted to reveal something to you, I decided to kill 2 birds with 1 stone by asking Pandro here. So I’m sure it’s become obvious to both of you how much you’ve changed physically…” They both nodded as Pandro had seen how much he looked more like his father then before he did. His appearance was far more apparent as Irane continued: 
“In order to explain I need to explain a few things, so in order for me to complete the seal I needed the 5 cores of the people Arai loved. But there was more to it, as the additional command for me to live was set up as well. So I needed to complete the seal. In truth I created a total of 30 cores from my original core set, 5 Drive, 10 elemental(Fire - darkness), 10 conceptual(Domination - Design) then 5 Will cores. 
 In truth the 5 will cores were all designed to be variably different cores. They connect to my 4 command, the one that makes me humans, while Arai funny enough and the drive cores, my first cores are all set on my conceptual nature. So I never had will cores, but what I had were 5 cores that I hadn’t used yet. As a tool I was looking for cores that would resonate with Arai’s cores, and definition of love. It took some time, but I was able to identify 3 cores that met the criteria perfectly, cores that met The love from my heart core(Hope’s core) and Arai’s core(mind core). That was you Mira, Then I targeted Aliya and Valariya, as they both met the same criteria for Arai as she loved them like both a mother and as a teacher, they were her precious children, and Pandro someone she loved as a student who was still growing up. But everything didn’t go to planned as Minia happened. But then again the stars aligned again. I was still missing 2 elements so I deiced to try and change my approach, instead of acquiring cores, why note simply make people from cores that she would already love as they came from her, a core that was born from her core, but only 2 cores met the criteria, the first first cores made without external mana, the true first cores he made, the cores that Irane loved the most. Summari and Nighla’s cores. But he needed a model as they required a lot to manifest properly. He found his solution on the night Minia made his have sex with Ember, though his 25th core, his design core, which he used as a test subject, It was a unique core as it carried the actual DNA of my human self, but purified, or better to say cleared and altered to remove all the main imperfect genes and activated superior ones found in ones genetic tree. This process made Irane Jr. The main prototype. It didn’t take long for him to emplant and acquire the genetic info from Ember, essentially the Vane bloodline, and I can assure you their genes, whether I like to admit it or not, were an amazing template, with few alteration in generation, and they took the most active sets. Again I hate to admit it but her and the old me really would have made some interesting children.” He laughed as he gestured to an image of his son he had around his wrist, he was with Evelyn and Isoke in Sethia as it was dangerous for him near the 4 others now: “But still what I got from him was the model to clean and choose the superior genes for a body to made it the strongest and at the genetic best it can be. That model is what was implanted in Ember, the design on him. Of the perfect system. Summari and Nighla though, they are impossible. In truth they shouldn’t exist at all. They are conceptual’s reborn as true humans. When I was fighting Kazemi-the universal primordial, I needed to master the spell marker already set on me Arai, Hope and Zoe’s Mana, the ability to create a core. That was the idea behind the 888,888,888 impossible spell marked on me.” Pandro eyes widened as he remembered that as Arai was teaching her, how they would set it up, as Mira was a bit confused, he remembered it but it still made no real sense to why it mattered until she remembered all the impossible things he was able to do is Irane continued: 
“Summari and Nighla originated from my very first core, the first of my true cores, modified to super charge and create special cores within me with a specific mana type. You know my whole function, how I use mana gathered to form a core in my heart with a set element, that process creates a temporary core. I am in all rights an Engine of Core Creation! I gather mana and create core from it which I use. That’s a baseline of how I work. Now my first 5 cores, were the fountation of that process, set with a goal. A core that exists for a purpose. That is my core creation process. When I completed the trail I have used 25 of my genetic cores all around me. Leaving me with 5 free ones. When Kazemi ordered me to Live and named me Kazemi! All I could do was imagine what it ment for a being created to create cores from mana? Well the solution seemed to go and get others cores and absorb them so I can get more experience and ideas from their mana. Then Arai ordered me to Love her and complete the seal, there was a clash in commands as As 3 and 4 could be done simultaneously, but one needed to take precedent as Arai won and against the conceptual of my subconscious, and her command took precedent of me living. Now the seal needed to be completed as Arai even decided to place her, Hope and Zoe’s cores and exchanged them with my will cores as a staring to point. Now Arai’s seal was in truth impossible to complete, but I still found a way, the issue was making it perfect I needed to gather a total of 10 cores, 7 remained. When I realised the cores of Summari and Nighla into Minia, I also attached 2 special tool and beasts. The chains of Ventriloquist and The beast Core Hunter! It was a prototype beast that fed of of Minia’s cores, Summari and Nighla are the improved genetic marker of Ziphora, and Minia’s and well the main form those cores took were of the Beginning and Ending, with Creation-Destruction, the middle core of their father.” They were 2 cores that used to be one, which are also 2. A contradiction in all rights. They were 2 opposing concepts one things, the beginning and the ending, of one event or one sequence. But still they were even more unique as they had cores will all 14 elements With Summari not having harmony and Summari missing chaos: (Fire-Water-Earth-Air-Ice-Electric-Nature-Energy-Light-Darkness-Time-Space-Life/Death; Harmonic-Light) while light is the same with Chaotic-Darkness, but they can both achieve the last connection through using their drive and gaining all 15. They are the beginning with Summari being a core with primordial mana, a mana that can be seen as the most primal form of mana able to form into any elemental type, any and all possible combination from the 15, elemental type. While Nighla is more on the technique with is actually set on the cores nature(Harmonic/chaotic). Anyways I was able to anchor them to my three other drive cores with Minia using her Space-Life/Death core to pill their energy thought her, and basically repeat the process that made them, but with Minia, but as twins. They actually started out as 1, but split within her and became twins. I wasn’t expecting that. It caused more complications as it expended the time window. Anyways what im getting at is that I can create core, and I got the template for improving humans genomes from my genetic design. Now because I can do all these things, when Aliya stabbed me, my heart beast and regarded me but with rage and a desire to save everyone, right into my heart, and I saw Aliya, a core who Arai’s core within my mind loved, she was dying from that blast, so I did the only thing I could do, I consumed as much of her flesh as I could while also consuming her core into my universe. I basically exchanged my 26 core with her, making the soul core, as it had worked as a spiritual back up, like a memory drive, which was running commands in the background, set as ghosts now, like memories of them imprinted. The Dokia, one core His body and even his mind Loved at this point, used and killed, Dokia is unique because she knows what it is to die and be reborn, she knows both death and life, as well as the veil that lies in-between, which was the same as my body and sell sequence of dying and rebirth with reforming better cells, that require stronger cores, In a way. Then Pandro, number 3, I got you, cause you saved Summari and Nighla lives in that lab, you were turning your very being to keep them alive until I got there, and in truth Summari core was imprinted with a sense of gratitude as you helped her ‘start’ In a way, so your core was set and aqauared, then there your’s Mira. So this is a bit complex to admit, But when if you might remember when I got your core, it was more then unfavourable conditions, as you were quite far from me and in Minia grasped.’ Mira nodded showing she remembered, 
Kazemi took a breath: So as you know, your current bodies are bodies that aren’t just perfected for your, cores, or not even just genetically perfected from all your genetic material I got. Well you see I made sure to get as much from each as I could and I isolated it all so It wouldn’t mix and match, but improve individually… yeah so when I got your cores, I made sure to take your whole chest with me, the problem though was that I also might and inadvertently also take some of Minia’s DNA when I scratched her arm. “ 
Mira looked on with concern as Kazemi seemed more tense as he explained: “So Mira… Your current body, well it’s better to say that it changed a bit genetically. In short it removed certain genetic markers from you and replaced it with some of her, as it deemed them superior. This process also had an effect on your core. So I want you to know that you are still 100% still related to Hope as your half sister from your father side.” Mira took a sigh of relief at that but took another in as she prepared for the shock she at this point was far to obvious to see coming: “So the gene markers I changed removed your mothers markers and replaced them when her mothers, So now your core is now Life/Death-Energy set and able to for Emo as a living embodiment of elemental emotions in life, a dragon who expresses emotion as mana and energy. So in that way Minia is technically-but literally speaking your half sister too. Imagine it as though your currently in the body of the love child between your father and her Minia’s mother…” Mira was frozen with pure confusion as Pandro asked out of pure curiosity while Mira was just stunned by the news: “Wait, if that’s the case, wouldn’t it have made better sense for her to get Minia’s father space core, instead of her mothers, and are you saying Namo’s genes are worse than Tola’s? Irane shrugged: 
“It’s better to say her Energy core was acquired from her father’s side. To be honest, just because you don’t acquire your families elemental nature doesn’t mean you don’t get a core type from their side of the family. In Tola’s blood line there was a close energy user who’s core type imprinted on Mira, a core isn’t static, as many people thing, it can change with years and years of exposure to other elements. This is what your call elemental spells. The use of other elements. In truth all elements come from one, and so use the right transfusion and you can use any element using your main element. But the process requires change of energy to a different form, fire mana to water mana. It is more complex. But her body accepted the change, you could just say in truth her mothers genes are better then Mira’s mothers genes, in this case, her Life/Death core addition is proof, your core changed after that which is nearly as unique as Dokia’s and Aliya’s nones of cores, and even your Pandro, so annoying. Pandro was confused as Irane added: 
“My Will cores didn’t exist until I changed my last 5 cores. They are cores that imprinted aspects from you to me.  Remember My conscious is literally Arai’s conscious core. She is my Mind’s Time, Hope is my hearts Space, my factorie’s connection to all resources points, at ones pulling at what is available at ones. And Zoe, my bodies evolution and adaptions through cell death Life/Death. You could say Mira is Life/Death-Energy; Chaotic-Darkness for my heart, 
Aliya core is Time-Space-Light-Darkness; Chaotic-Light/Darkness), if you can believe that, that core combination as to be impossible right? Like it has to be…” Mira was paused as she digested the info now: “Wait it was written that Lord Aevum had a Energy-Light/Darkness; Chaotic-Light/Darkness) They said it was a universally impossible core… or something like that, its what made him a God.” Irane noted: “Really, is that so, well I won’t lie it is very very rare. I mean it’s not as rare as a conceptual core but it’s pretty rare. Light/darkness is a very unique elements as its the main elements that fully reinforce use. The dermine ones very affinity with the Universal frequency. I mean look at Aliya, she can litralty form damn ghosts, you think that’s my ability, it was how her core evolved to comprehend my mind function to act as a support, as one that could handle more basic process, so the mind to could plan which was the elemental souls that where the very process of all 6 of Aliya’s souls. I mean the she can form damn cores around her with her tool, And Time/Space ain’t no joke. Plus Light and Darkness on both sides, nah I won’t lie if I was to ever crown anyone as Arai’s masterpiece it would be Aliya Hallow, or wait she goes by Nexal now right, Aliya Nexal.” 
He looked on at Pandro: “Mr. Man with 10 core types;(Fire-Water-Earth-Air-ice-Lighting-Nature-Energy-Light-Darkness; Chaotic-Light). Missing only harmonic, the Ascendent Elements. It is quite crazy how you have risen. His eyes widened then they closed, he was worried now as he asked: “Then that means Mono, that insanity is mine?” Irane nodded, indeed. You could say it’s more a mix my ideas drove your creative insane. You could see it like that.” Pandro looked to the side at Dokia and Urial as Irane continued: 
Urial is more simplistic: “Space-Nature; harmonic/Chaotic-Light/darkness). There was a brief silence as Mira and Pandro re-exaimined his words as they asked what? Kazemi chucked as he added: “And Dokia is Life/Death-Energy; Harmonic/Chaos-Light/Darkness). Indeed what you consider Conceptual class cores, or better to say the mark of a conceptual class core. They looked at each as they asked Why are they like that as Irane explained: 
“You also get those Harmonic/Chaos-Light/Darkness on your core when you use my will. All cores in truth have the ability to become conceptual cores with time, like a few millions years… Well anyways it can be achieved in many ways, but when you active and tap into my will you gain that marker to your cores, making you conceptual’s by nature. Dokia, Summari, Nighla and Urial were born with theirs set, and now have to learn how reactive it on purpose, to go from conceptual to Human, while you must get accustomed to moving from human to conceptual.” 

Hope looked on at the long retelling form Mira as she simply nodded while allowing her sister to let it all sink in. She also wasn’t sure which part was the hardest as Hope stood up and puled her sister to go outside, they needed some air she said as they found Zoe who was sitting by the side outside watching the sun fall, under cover. The people were choosing whether to be Apexian’s or to remain as just refugees who stay there for a set amount of time depending on the situation. For them he said 15 years, as the war was not predicated to end anytime soon. They all looked, Zoe spoke with a low voice looking at the horizon as they came: “Mira, tell me, what did the people I sent here do?” Mira looked at her as she paused for a moment before answering: “We were in war time, but we were able to identify about 200,000 of them in the crowed moving as the first main strike force, it was easy to get them all and force them down. We tried to see why they had you mana on them they attacked, many saw us as monsters and demons, so we put them down and locked them up in prisons. We were still in war, in that time we took some out and gave them the choice to serve or to remain impressions. They worked for us for some time, but many still resisted, we only finally had peace after urial’s birthday. After that we moved on even harder, we executed about 1000 of them live, in front of them, those who would never change as again we tried to reason, many actually did agree and join, working and serving with no issue. Some few even went above and beyond, those few who became Valariyan’s, but from that original 200,000 only 20,000 remained, as we continued, more were allowed to live and work, but there was an incident when one of them tried to Kill Aura, she killed her assailant as they underestimated her leading to her killing them. Soon after we uncovered that thousands of the Alma were still plotting against them. When we saw that, we decided to get a little more ruthless. We still have about 50,000 Alma imprisoned, the ones who didn’t want to reform or join and work, the ones outright refused and chose to die. We had them hunted by the Alma who said were loyal to use. In truth it was a full purge of all of all elements, as we already found all the Alma who were conspiring against the Empire, against the Alma who weren’t and were actually trying to reform.” This was a true test of loyalty as about 180,000 Alma were unleashed and only 20,340 came put alive, all having the heads of their slain brothers and sisters. it was a true slaughter!” Mira stated as Zoe looked at her with anger as she noted: “is that so, so that what your little Kazemi decided to do…” Mira interjected: “No, it was my suggestion actually. Let the loyal, kill the disloyal and in that chaos we also remove the dangerous elements we know for a fact are a problem. It was insane indeed. But it was effective as those Alma never came any issues. Even now they aren’t apart of the raging mob. They’re actually the first few who are working with Pandro on the expansion project, they are very loyal now!” Zoe looked down as Hope spoke: “Don’t tell me you’re still on that self righteous side of yours still. You know better then anyone that its pointless to keep pretending this is a fairly tale Zo-e.” Zoe looked away in annoyance as she added: “Yeah, Irane made that very clear… very clear indeed!” Mira stared back: “What exactly did you expect him to do, stay silent while you insult him, and blame him for actions he had memories of doing, but he had no choice. I mean damn I would have also called you a bitch if you said all that to me!” She noted as Zoe had a regret expression, as Mira added: “We really did try you know, we knew they didn’t believe but we believed we would try and allow them in, let them see that is wasn’t as bad, but they still refused!” Zoe sighed in defeat as she pulled a document, and passed it to Mira. It was the marked with all the Orians, who came with, each with a marker showing who was worthy of entering and being an Apexian, and who weren’t as Zoe marked that most would be worthy from the law set, and that even how they would have to repay for all the did in the war was work 2 times as hard for 5 years, the same amount to of time the war lasted. It was fair, but Zoe still looked so dishearten as she looked on at the law book of Apexia, Hope noticed this is as teleported the book to her side, and read it, while Mira spoke: “That’s what we call Kazemi’s Law : Prototype 2. We’re still establishing a lot of things, but that draft is the current set law, the law all must follow, and the first is absolute: ‘Kazemi’s Will and Authority are Absolute in Apexia!” And the rest are more base line laws based on events such as stealing, fighting, disturbance of peace, and even killing, with many branching sections all set on situation and intent determine the additional charge, it may still be a draft but the laws with were detailed and vast. Zoe sighted as she noted: “Yeah, you really run a tight ship Mira!” Mira smiled at Zoe sour tone: “thank you, it took forever for Kazemi to approve of that version of it, it’s still a work in progress though.” As hope remarked: “Damn, some of these sentences are dark, I mean damn a life sentence is literally being a living puppet with full consciousness, while still giving it your all for the empire.” Mira nodded as she remarked: “That actually what we used to get Niro, Tunde, and Forge. They are conscious tools and beasts who can’t disobey their masters. Mira laughed at the whole idea of it, as Hope was stunned at that statement while Zoe still wore a sour expression prompting her to ask: “What’s up your ass, sour face?” Which annoyed Zoe who admitted: “I hate him, so damn much, I hate him with all I have! It’s all so damn fair. Its not like its to much, I mean damn, talk about not letting cockroaches in your home. Same stuff my mother used to say to, imagine hearing that from him.” Hope nodded as stated: “yeah this is pretty fair, im impressed Mira…” Zoe lied back down: “Yeah, great job, I’m sure Arai would love to praise you for all you accomplished!” Zoe was still sour indeed, it still hurt to feel as Mira told them:

“I wouldn’t worry to much about Arai if I was y’all, she unfortunately doesn’t have as much freedom of choice as you…” Hope and Zoe looked on Mira who continued: “I’ll tell you know so your not surprised by it, but Arai is in Tulla right now, She is being watched by Nina her sister while she’s out, but regardless she won’t be permitted the parameter out of Paradises length!” Hope asked directly: “And why is that, why do that?” Mira looked right at her with a dead pan expression, her first core desire, wasn’t to kill or capture the Arke twins, but to make them suffer, to make them pay and experience being tools, and beast in service of their nature and tasks. That’s why Lord Kazemi was so focused on that during the war with the twins, to seal them up. 2nd desire was the full annihilation of everything that was marked by Aevum… And I can assure you, that she didn’t care about anyone who would die in the cross hairs. What’s worse is that she had no idea when she has the drive active, none because of how seamless it is form her mind, unlike you 2 who’s wills forced into Enari and Iris respectively as full beings, hers was more of a mindset, and it is hers, even if its 88 Million years, old. Actually it’s said it’s trillions of years old due to how time works for it. Regardless her core was in fact the first true core that lead to the formation of Lord Kazemi as he is, and that direct desire for life and creating cores. Funny how your little experiment and playing around with impossible concepts would lead to this to him… in truth  in the trail there was a point when Kazemi(the dragon) started using them, formed through his impossible power to kill him. Irane is a tool that is design to achieve the impossible in all rights, built from Arai’s perspective of perfection, but Irane supersede her design with the installation of the 5th order. The full consciousness. Right now Irane is set to always have access to the drive to a degree, lowest being near 0% when he’s asleep, he never really hits zero, the truth is the drive and will are active at once in this state for him, as his at 1% of the drive his will is at 99%, he is fully human. Then as he used more of his power its changes, as he moved to be ruled more by the conceptual more snd more as his power increases. It’s just how it works, but I still have sense of my humanity. He is the full set of that. It’s annoying complicated, but in truth this was always designed to be a place to keep her distracted based on her core desire. Her designer to make cores shine at their peak!” Irane already told me that my next assignment will be watching her as im the only one he can trust with the job. This is actually my first real break outside of sleeping from the last few years, it’s strange.” Hope and Zoe looked at Mira concerned as Hope asked: “Have you been sleeping well?” Mira chucked a bit as she stated: “No need dear sister, as you see we conceptual’s need very littles sleep as we can find a way to recharge out exhausted minds and bodies with mana. Yes, we are indeed monsters my wonderful friends.” There was a pause at Mira’s words as they moved: “Arai is just to dangerous to keep running around freely. 

Three days passed as Zoe did the full set and decide on who could be a Apexian, and who couldn’t and even set the list on how was allowed to register for it. At the same time, the Humans and Apexian’s were working on establishing 10 new territories around the area they couldn’t enter. Now there were already generators in the many location set for when the war was still taking place and they had temp shelters set there all around Theo area. They were moving up the builtin in Sethia as the main building blocks as we see that it was designed to be be broken off and have the building moved and even transform for the needs of people. In just three days all the territories had power and water, and better yet shelter with building getting proper pluming, powering and even feeling for heating water and cooking food. Even a place for a fridge using Ice magic to keep things cool. It was being set all around. In just 3 days they were all basically functioning as now people were preparing their own food, with the reactions being distributed in their own spaces, instead of with others, but funny enough many still continued as they all gathered to cook and eat together even though it wasn’t needed. The cities were currently run by some Valariyan’s Irane trusted as each village was marked with one of the elements fire to darkness. Now in one that day Summari and Nighla woke up as they went off and looked for their father who told them to come see him. 
They both awoke and ran right to him as though they knew exactly were he was in Paradise. As they arrived they saw him working in the lab within the Palace, his person facility that he does his most secret work. He already had the forms of Niro, Tunde, and Forge restrained. And he had the unmoving armour which had Dio’s remains also in the room as the children rushed in. Irane looked at them in shock as they seemed to teleport in. They both jumped on their father like it had been forever since they’d seen him as they tackled him down and hugged him. The force was enough to shake the whole area around as Paradise restricted to take it. Irane laughed as he hugged them back. Happy to see them as he tore them after a while: “Okay, jeez I get it, you don’t need to keep trying to kill me to prove that you missed me okay.” Irane pushed them off as he looked at his daughters. Irane knew expectations everyone had, but he never knew theirs, his 2 daughters were different as he looked at his children. Even he looked at them with pure bliss in his eyes. Irane Pulled them closer this time as he stated: “You two really are beautiful, hard to believe your my children… You two really are perfect!” His words made the 2 children blush with and smile as Irane stood up and looked at them: “I heard what you did and read the full report from Mira, and Nina. Not bad at all. Even the Orians we spoke to had nothing but good things to say about your both I must admit, I am proud of you Both. For how you handled your first missions. So Kazemi’s gave me full rights to give you a little more freedom and also more responsibility.” He grabbed a massive golden Hammer, he had gotten it from the Throne room around the throne where the empiric weapons rested. The Empiris Hammer: Hearth - Named as the name of the heart of a Forge. The hammer was stated to be a hammer of a different class, one fully able to alter all things fundamentally. Using the power of destruction and creation. It could alter all things, and give them full note of it to the user. The hammers design: it had white marking on on of the Hammer faces on one side and blade on the opposite one with golden strands spread all over it. It was a magnificent hammer, the design was made more set by the length of the shaft as the land making all over it made the design beyond set with longs of all all the elements and ancient primal symbols of all the elements marked on it, Note Magic Spell symbols, but the ancient Primordial Primal symbol for each of the 15 elements. It as a truly incredibly designed hammer, both marked as a creator and a destroy tool.  Irane Placed the hammer down, but instead of hitting the flow it hovered, as he looked at a set of digital documents and reports on the 3 men. In a moment he looked down at all three man as 3 books seemed to appear above each man, after Irane manifested the hammer of law and design to get their cores insights on the laws they had broken, and their information. Law allowed one to bound and see their very core, laid bare and clear to see and examine. Both side see each others cores, while Irane could read their core infomartion like a man reading a book, they couldn’t even begin to comprehend his as it just flowed and pulled on them. 
He paused as he read through Niro’s file who was quietly restrained and unable to more, his face shifted page after page. He put them all down as he walked towards them and spoke to Summari and Nighla directly in front of the three man. Irane stared at the 2 girls who had massive smiles as Irane stated: “You 2 have truly outdone yourself, I never imagined you would return with the King of the Ascen and leader of the Orians, and better even is the brother of Mira Ardent, and lets not forget the cherry on top Forge Neel, current master swordsman of the Spirits, or better to say former master seeing as Dokia literally killed you! These are all very high quality cores indeed, especially that Niro Vane one, a class 8 core and Tunde and forge being level 7’s both. Tell me what do you 2 want to do with them?” 
Summari and Nighla looked at each other as nighla gestured to Summari with a quick wink showing that this was the time for their plan as Summari spoke up: “So would it be possible to make them a Harmonically/Chaotically connected being like Lady Arai’s consciousness?” Irane paused for a moment as he thought about her request, as he looked at Niro and Tunde, he stared at them deeply, as he wondered for a moment and replied: “I see, that would truly be a unique situation, very interesting indeed. And they can definitely withstand it too, well then I can do that. I can surely do that.” He said as Nighla did her best to hold in her excitement but was struggling with Summari also joining her in the quite laughter as Niro raged at the 2 of the laughing children: 
“How dare you, how dare you laugh and act like this is fair, like this is okay. I refuse, I refuse too accept this, me defeated by children, Children, you dare to insult me and my honour by making me believe that my first defeat was by the hands of a child, a child, I REFUSE DO YOU HEAR ME!!” He screamed with all his might. He was raging out until Irane slammed the light sight of the hammer on Niro’s head which broke right through, but he was brought back, still feeling the full effects of his head being split open after it was now fully healed, Irane leaned closer: 
“Sorry to break it to, but your fate was decided the moment, the instant you decided to cross Arai Nexal. You played with a Goddess and now will suffer a fate are worse then death, I want you to understand something Vermin of Vane, all your people who are now homeless and who lost all they had, who watched their cities and home fall to ash, I want you to truly understand that it was your fault. You did that, and now this is your eternal sentence, I can assure you that you will live a very very long time, and you have options available to you, serve or suffer!” He said coldly as he slammed the black side of the hammer striking Tunde’s head. He stayed down for a moment as Niro looked up at Irane. He moved forward as the whole structure started to move and their bodied moved away, in a moment Niro was out cold. 

In a moment as he reopened his eyes he was in a jungle alone with a large Earth-Brown Beast, it was the same form that Tunde had in his main form as he moved back in shock at the sight. The beast looked at Niro as Niro looked back him. He felt a connection to this beast as he leaned closer to it and noticed how the beast had the exact same mana type as him to. In a moment he heard Summari laughing behind him, as he raged at her to explain, what was going on as she replied: “Relax Niro, oh sorry I forgot that you’ve never had a beast before. Well now you do, I believe it is different for many Valariyan’s as they aren’t born with the beast or tool like Alma and Spirits.” Niro looked back at the beast as he asked slowly: “Is this beast Tunde, what did you do to him? Why can I…” Summari added: “In short yes that is indeed a beast formed from your friend Tunde, but you’ll notice that he is very different, note how you can hear the beasts thoughts, and note how those are not the thoughts of a man.” Niro was connected to this beasts and the beast to him as Niro now had a beast, but it was horrifying to see his friend as Summari added: “We’ll I wanted to tell you that before leaving you, after all you have 100 years in this place to get your baring and to survive, and trust me you want to really put your all into not dying Niro, good luck.” Niro screamed out as Summari and she disappeared. He was alone in this massive world filled with horrors unknown to him… 
In another point Tunde opened his eyes as he found himself holding a staff, he noticed that it was the same staff that Niro was holding in his armoured form as the staff thoughts echoed in the mind of Tunde, it was direct as he noticed how the staff and the tools function were directly that of him of Niro, it was a pure energy weapon as he looked nearby and around the massive square room. Nighla appeared as she smirked at him: “So, do I need to waste time explaining it to you tool?” Tunde gripped the staff tightly as he looked right at Nighla: “I’m assuming that if I dissobey I will turned into a beast myself,” Nighla smiled as she added: “You will be a proper beast, unable to defy his master, so now you understand make your choice, a beast or a man?” Tunde gripped as he made his choice and walked towards Nighla. She smiled as the room shifted into a multi changing facility, it was a massive building with different machines of all different kind of natures. 
In that moment both of them experienced death and rebirth, destruction and recreation. Both were killed and hunted as Niro was in the Biome of Enari while Tunde was in the Forge. They were forced to deal with monsters and beings of a different class as they died and came back over and over. it was hell as both pushed on realising that this was truly hell. They both needed to master the use of their Tool or beast as each did, in the span of years, The beast/tool had instructions installed to help with mastering it and using it well. They both adapted well to the use of it, even it it was a completely different elemental type. Niro mastered how to use the Beast(Digger) for of Tunde to create preset tunnels for his attacks, even being able to send his mana beast constructs through them for a surprise attack, while Tunde master the staffs: “Illumination” As it was a staff with a orb as with the dimensions and a copy of the space around him, and it was able to create energy beast and constructs, and with his tunnel ability he was able to make them appear anywhere they were needed. They both fought and carried on using their tool and beast in their environments. Always being forced to fight even stronger beast or tools and each time they died they simply came back, it was truly endless as it lasted for 100 years to the 2 man. 
After that time Niro opened his eyes as he was now before Irane after being in that realm for 100 years, Irane looked down at him with Summari and NIghla next to him. The forge was full active as Niro noticed how he was drenched in a Golden molten Liquid Metal, his form felt the heat, it felt hot but different, he couldn’t move as Irane’s Hammer slammed into him and forced a shock from his very core throughout the body he was in, it was a different form, a different body as he tried to call to his Beast and Tunde as he was horrified as he heard the voice of Tunde in his mind, it was the same connection but the main was vastly different as Niro and Tunde both started to lose their minds as Irane worked on their minds and made them each experience being a beast and Tool of the other as after what felt another 100 years for both of them they came to once again as Irane looked Niro right at his core, this was different then anything Niro had ever expected as Irane held the hammer which was flowing deeply now as he spoke: 
This Hammer is known as Hearth, the forge hammer, the forge hammer of cores, It has the direct power of my 2 children within. 
 Irane stared at Niro who had the main control while Tunde was the tool/Beast as she spoke: “

I’ll tell you know so that it’s makes perfect sense, Summari and Nighla Are very unique cores, They aren’t simply conceptual cores with Harmonic/Chaos-Light/Darkness, They are far more unique and impossible indeed, Summari has a core of pure Chaos, so more like: a pure Chaos-Light/Darkness but it in truth is set as, while we can say Nighla has a Harmonic core: of pure Harmony-Light/darkness core).  I know this will make me sound bias but in truth Summari and Nighla both have the cores I love the most. They are representation of my original core, the one which I used to create my other cores. They are beyond unique and special by all measures. Summari the ones who wield primordial energy, you could see her as the being who creating right at beginning, a Big bank made real, a core that holds the progenitor mana to all mana type, then Nighla you could say is the end, a return to a state of nothingness. A turn to a universe so in harmony that nothing occurs, the end of it all. 

In that moment both of them experienced death and rebirth, destruction and recreation. Both were killed and hunted as Niro was in the Biome of Enari while Tunde was in the Forge. They were forced to deal with monsters and beings of a different class as they died and came back over and over. it was hell as both pushed on realising that this was truly hell. They both needed to master the use of their Tool or beast as each did, in the span of years, The beast/tool had instructions installed to help with mastering it and using it well. They both adapted well to the use of it, even it it was a completely different elemental type. Niro mastered how to use the Beast(Digger) for of Tunde to create preset tunnels for his attacks, even being able to send his mana beast constructs through them for a surprise attack, while Tunde master the staffs: “Illumination” As it was a staff with a orb as with the dimensions and a copy of the space around him, and it was able to create energy beast and constructs, and with his tunnel ability he was able to make them appear anywhere they were needed. They both fought and carried on using their tool and beast in their environments. Always being forced to fight even stronger beast or tools and each time they died they simply came back, it was truly endless as it lasted for 100 years to the 2 man. 
After that time Niro opened his eyes as he was now before Irane after being in that realm for 100 years, Irane looked down at him with Summari and NIghla next to him. The forge was full active as Niro noticed how he was drenched in a Golden molten Liquid Metal, his form felt the heat, it felt hot but different, he couldn’t move as Irane’s Hammer slammed into him and forced a shock from his very core throughout the body he was in, it was a different form, a different body as he tried to call to his Beast and Tunde as he was horrified as he heard the voice of Tunde in his mind, it was the same connection but the main was vastly different as Niro and Tunde both started to lose their minds as Irane worked on their minds and made them each experience being a beast and Tool of the other as after what felt another 100 years for both of them they came to once again as Irane looked Niro right at his core, this was different then anything Niro had ever expected as Irane held the hammer which was flowing deeply now as he spoke: “This hammer is called the Core Forger, and it has a very terrifying ability, in fact it is the weapon I used to forge the millions of tools I used on the war, but Kazemi upgraded it, to also work now directly on the cores of people. In truth I don’t like using such a nasty power but your crimes more than justify this action.
Irane spoke up with a smile: “I used a very impossible art to split and connect you and Tunde by the core. You could say Niro Vane that your the conscious and his the subconscious, but only in this armoured form, and his this form his is the Tool-Beast Hybrid: Spacial-Illumination: you have a very very useful ability and you will learn to master it will. I want you to quickly grasp what I’m about to tell you, I will force you to live like this for 200 years and you will fight, you will see and experience true, true hell!” 
As Irane Force the core of Niro to active his Drive, his Kazemi Drive as Niro screamed out as he spent 200 years in this form, fighting beats and Tools that made the ones he and Tunde fought look like babies, it was terrifying and absolute hell as it never ended, Niro was forced to start to master his ability as after 130 years he started to truly grasp what this hell was and that he had no choice. He had n choice but to play Kazemi’s cruel game as he rewake 200 years later as Irane noted how it had been 48 hours. In total. 
Niro screamed out as Irane looked at him: “I want you both to grasp the most important thing, you are no longer free, you are slaves, slaves for the rest of your natural lives, slaves who will serve by choice, cause I can assure that if you though that was bad, I can assure you I can make the experience 100 times worse, and I can assure you, you will never get use to it, and if you think I’m bluffing, well let me show you!” As he forced Niro and Tunde to re-experience their fates as Tool and Beast for 1 more year but this time, their emotions and cores were made 10x more sensitive to the world as it truly felt far worse then before. It was to much as they screamed back out and Niro bowed low as he twitched in his new form, not even a minute had passed as Irane pulled him closer: “So?” Niro bowed low as he trembled in fear and rage at the situation, as Irane laughed: “Even now you cling to your pride as if it matters something, as if it has some weight, how intresting, well as long as you obey I don’t care.
Irane gestured at his daughter as they left and came back with Julia Prescian and Milo Nexal, Irane noted with a smile as he activated his drive and forced Niro and Tunde in their fused form to activate an Art, one he had just named recently “Valariyan Art: Atlas of Apexia!” As he with the aid of Irane power screamed out and formed with what felt like 100 different stone models all over the Apexian land, all over the region for and vast, he could sense them as he used his Spacial energy to create a model of whole of Apexia with Niro also forced to make different energy models of all the people all over the place. He was able to see all of the people in the Apexian region and not the Paradise region he couldn’t see there. The detail was amazing as he even created perfect models of all the houses and was tracking all the people though not in real time as Irane spoke now: 
“Good, with this we have a perfect and secure view of the whole region, and with Niro’s Ability we can also see the forms and models of people directly. Though there is a delay and mix up, but that is easy to fix with some time magic. Julia and Milo, I want to add your cores time techniques into this, 
Julia your time ability with Time and Energy allows you to see the past you have a record of the past, I will set it up so you can view the past of all the energy paths of the people, while with Miho, with your Noxa’s Game Time-Energy ability we can use you to view the predicted paths the energy will flow. 
This whole system will be our main security system and will allow use to see and view where someone was, and even where they might be based on Noxa’s Game, we can do a lot with this indeed.” Irane turned to Summari and Nighla with all seriousness: “Listen I’m giving you limited access to this system, Nighla you will be marked with deal with potential threats and dealing with situations that could escalate based on the situation, you are to ensure that as many lives are saved as possible. Summari I want you to deal with investigation based on past actions, major crimes, murders, and all that. You both will be my eyes and hears and those I trust the most with it all.” he placed his hands on their shoulder as he pulled them closer: “Listen and listen to me well, you have 2 tasks that I shall intrust to you both. First keep Arai, Hope and Zoe alive at all cost, especially Arai, and 2. I want you both to understand the importance of yourself, I are impossible rare and special, so I won’t simply let you forget that! So your second task is to live, always live your lives.” They both smiled as they promised, in that moment Irane smiled as he moved his left hand between the 2 children as he severed their connection to their shock: “Did you think I wouldn’t notice you 2 were connected this whole time, who do you think I am.” They were shocked as they did all they could to hide it. Sammari and NIghla are able to connect to each other like the fused form of Niro and Tunde, but being the others subconscious, it was an insane art to have fully active but it was was how they were always like, the connection they always had, but when their cores became active Kazemi separated them directly and disconnected them as it was more of a crutch then anything, They re-activated that connection for the mission and tried to keep it active as they believed Irane wouldn’t have retained those memories as Irane scolds them: “I can’t believe you think I’m that dense that I won’t see it, I warned you, and so now I’ll make sure you aren’t connected for months(The bases of grounding here). He looked at the form of Niro as he stated to him as he forced them back to their separate bodied, where Niro had the beast Digger and Tunde had Illumination while the combined form was in a armoured form fully active in maintaining the Art Atlas. The 2 looked at each other as they still felt connected, and Irane spoke to them: “Listen and listen well. You 2 will be in-charge of making sure my daughters don’t cause to much trouble. And I want you to understand that its not a matter of you can disobey, but rather you can’t no matter what, so I suggest you both do your best, or you’ll be force to, as Kazemi’s Will is absolute!” As he said those words, they both saw the flash of energy from his eyes shock them to their cores. 
They bowed as they agreed, Irane spoke up: “good, Niro take Summari to Zoe’s place in Hades, while Tunde take Nighla to Ether where Hope is. They moved as though they knew the paths as they left poating. Irane took a breath: “To think that one of them might be the next leader of Apexia scares me, it scares terribly, I wish Jr. was here, I was far more Human then those 2… well I can’t say that the both of them are growing up well, I can’t complain anymore, their far better then when they were babies, according to Kazemi that was hell indeed.” He moved on as he looked on at the other 2, he had placed the soul of Dio into one of his cores and resurrected them and named his Apolo Ferran, he was a different class as he wielded (Fire-Ice-Energy-Light-Darkness - Harmonic-Light core) His main ability was Tool: Now Apolo has a massive and complex weapon and beast combine, as he has 2 star called: Muspelheim(Fire+Light+Energy and Niflheim(Ice+Darkness+Energy), now it has one name: Solar Blade: Solaris the now Muspelheim and Nifhleim were starts of fire and ice, as one unleashed heat the other absorbed heat creating ice and cold spots. He sword was able to channels these energies as needed. 

Irane Noted Forge as she noted how crude it was done. It needed a far better job as he asked the tool Forge was now: “Tell me Forge, is it everything you ever wanted, being a blade I mean?” Forge didn’t respond as he was silent in his blade form as Irane smiled: “No need to worry, I already know what your thing. The tools and beast that Niro and Tunde had are from me, but you are from Masamune. He was fully set as Irane looked on at the tool made man: “You do understand that you aren’t truly a man, you’re simply a tool who has some autonomy.” Masamune nodded: “I am aware that I am simply a blade that Lady Dokia will use later on when she desired, my quest it to kill 1 trillion people and truly awaken, I have seen it, or rather I have dreamt of it, and so now I wish to make that a reality, for my master Dokia.” Irane nodded: “Good, very hard to find a good tool. May Forge enjoy this hell indeed. Let me fix you up Masamune, and make you perfect. He was adjusted so the blade could access the elements of all those who it had killed, even resurrect their old mana forms in a strike and bring back dead arts or technique. It was a unique blade, now indeed as Masamune was set to guard over Dokia. 

Irane was exahusted as he had his drive active beyond 16% for the past few days in order to sort out all the issues around as he had assigned individual their goals. That afternoon as she was looking on at the Apexia map life map made through the efforts of Niro, Tunde, Julia and Milo he saw how everything seemed to have started stabilising as nearly Now there was about 5 Million Orinans with 2.5 being Alma, 2 Million being spirits and about 5 Hundred Thousand Ascen. Now Most were set at families, fully occupied together. Only about 2 Million Alma, 1.5 Million Spirits and all 500 thousands were allowed. The rest were not permitted due to simply being criminals and irritable people from the standards of Apexia. A a total of 4 million Orians were given the right to be Apexian, and the day came for them to choose. 
Konnar was in charge of watching and assisting with the dealing with those who wanted to be Apexian’s but weren’t allowed. Konnar had spend the last 3 days wondering why Leo and Rui refused to come to Orians, it could have been a lot of difficulty from it maybe but still, he was worried. Even he didn’t know what route he would select. 
It was a conversation with Jade that helped him learn the nature of things as they would meet while Jade was assigned to assist with selecting and doing background checks on all the people as he finally came to Konnar, Jade’s Dark lighting techniques, allowed him a limited ability to read and interpret them to a degree. 
Now Jade looked at Konnar as he was one of the last few people that remind as Konnar spoke while Jade did his check: “tell me, did you know Leo and Rui?” Jade was confused by the sudden question as he realised it was something different he wanted to ask as he answered: “Well I only of Leo and Dio, I’m don’t know anything about Rui. I served with Leo and Dio in the wars when we were children fighting on the side of the Primals. Normal humans taken from our homes and made soldiers in the name of Primals. Fun time…” he said sarcastically as konnar remarked: “I’m sure… we Spirits are a very prideful race, we have a very warped sense of superiority. Like we are the ones who are owed everything. All because of Elorah. I worked for many years, from childhood to being a young adult as I was nothing special. I watched as my older brother showed his skill and ability time and time again. I even watched him kill our father, I was so young to when he did to get Masamune, to get that blade and title. In pure cold blood. I hated it so much, it all felt like a short stay in hell before we die and it ends, all so pointless, or maybe I projected outwards what people called me, useless and worthless. 
Then Lady Hope came through, she came and everything changed to much when she came, I watched the world around me change with her at the centre of it all. First Arai returned and defeated Axola Vane, a man revered to be the next head of the Vane house, the shadow of Aevum, the next leader of the Orians, and he was defeated so completely. Then the war, and the horrifying reports we heard from there. Apexia felt like a name we shouldn’t even mention by mistake, even the name of their leader became taboo to speak as we simply referred to him as the Emperor. 
Oh then the I saw lady Hope fight Minia Consa, and I heard that title, the Empress, I saw them up close, and it felt amazing, like a new age. It was at that moment when I dedicated myself to her. I was so amazed by her. I just felt like I wanted to see more of her, when the Elites left and Hope asked with Spirits would choose to change and become human from Arai’s Experiments. I didn’t even hesitate, In truth its cause I saw Dio and Rui beside her, humans next to another Human woman. And I thought I could be close to her if I was like her, its why I changed, why I became a human, and why I fought so damn hard, simply to be by her side… Then I watched her not just teleport a whole cities worth of people, but also destroy a whole city and slowly kill Elorah, I won’t lie at that point I had given up trying to justify it, to reason with it, I couldn’t look away at her anymore. She became the woman I would follow to the ends of the world, When Dokia died I resisted it cause I still wanted to see more lady Hope. I wanted to see more of her…” There was some silence for a while as he noticed how much this was weighing on the man: “I know the feeling, in fact better than most. I was, or am the same. Cai Consa was the woman I worshipped. I was part of the 3rd generation of children taken from Earth to join the Consa, the Primals as warriors. And I was 12 when I came in. (Adri was part of the 4th group, he noted to himself). We were grouped and set out, I was part of the lab with the most children. I was the youngest of a large family of earth, part of the Great War, and we were a military focused family, I was a child who seemed to have no potential. I was the last child born of my father and a younger woman, the bastard they called me, until the Consa attacked. And I watched Lord Kazemi move in and kill all of them with his bare hands, they were all over 18, but still that blank stare he gave me as he was drenched with blood is not something I ever want to remember. But still I was taken so gently by the same hands dripping with my families blood, like I was precious in a way. It made no real sense at the time. Then I joined the military and was give or to Cai to be made a soldier, that woman… she looked at me so completely, noting every little detail about me. I felt them constantly on me as we trained and were tested for the core infusion. I know that everyone else felt her eyes on them, but she had this way of making it feel like she was paying closer attention to you. I no matter what, and I know it was like that for us all. But still… I felt the pressure and desire to be better cause I felt like she was always watching me. Even worse was the expectations she gave us. The way she showed us how we could do what felt impossible. Then the day came when we were to get cores…
I remember it well and also so vaguely, I remember entering the room, the final exam they called it, the do or die. As I looked on at the face of the man I watched kill my family, I was told to ask for his assistance, for his aid. He looked at me as he gave me a ring around my wrist. We trained to use any tool or beast and to thing outside the box. Then I remember just walking up feeling different. I remember it like a dream, one I both can’t remember and one I can’t stop thing about, All I know is that I survived and the smile that Lady Cai had on her face, as she looked so proud looking at me, like I succeeded and she was proud of me, it became my reason for it all. I gave it my all just to make her proud. I became so skilled I even joined the elite unit under Criyo, Dio, Leo, Milla and Valariya. It was a very difficult time, but we made it work, All of them came from the same generation, but Milla was clearly the outside there by the mood. But she was close with the only other girl there Valariya. They were very close indeed. But also very different which made them feel like night and day standing next to each other. Dio was the composed one, while Leo was always so erratic, and full of fire. Worst part was how he could talk the talk and walk the walk to.” 
But Dio was always more focused, especially when Valariya was involved. He made sure nothing happened to her. We survived many impossible missions together. As we grew more and more as a squad. Then we also separated in the water near the end. I was made the captain of my own team, and my lieutenant was Adri, she had entered after me in the 5th generation and she was from Saren Consa stoke, same as Milla. She was cold at first but damn did she start showing her love for The champion. She was quite young, I heard she joined at 7 years old. But anyways she was obsessed with him, more than the others ever were. It was interesting, but it made us better team mates, it wasn’t long until I saw why. She was like me, giving it her very all because of Lord kazemi… well we called him the champion of Kazemi back then, we still do. But anyways. We were the same but admiring 2 different people who were always together. Lady Cai and Lord 8 were always together in the war. Leading to them being named The Emperor and the Empress. The same as some fairy tale popular around there. They noted how we were winning the war because of them. And I won’t like Konnar, you guys made our lives pure hell back than.” Konnar smiled as he was so young back then, he didn’t see the full war, as the civil war had started in Orians and he was fighting in that one. As Jade continued: “I knew the war situation well, after all I was part of the main offensive, a strike squad. Even my own team members noted how me and Adri seemed like Lady Cai and Lord 8 from how we seemed and how we both openly admired the ones we liked. 
It all became worse after the war. When Lady Consa changed. 

We had that civil war as Lady Cai fought Lady Minia. That was a horrible time. But I didn’t hesitate to side with Lady Cai. But she was so different. She wasn’t the same composed focus woman I knew in that lab, she was now a true monster and a true commander. In truth she truly felt like a leader of man. I saw her leading and commanding like a general. In the war she was so precise but here, she felt inevitable. It was a different woman but still this side of her made him admire her more, as she saw how much she cared to. How she fought with all she had.” Then I found out she died, I felt broken but there no time to grieve as we still needed to protect the ourselves as the Ferali and Celestials came. Now that was hell. I didn’t grieve, all I did was just keep imagining she was watching me, and I had to give up to her expectations. I just fought. We just fought and moved on. We were warriors. Soldiers, we were so used to quickly accepting the death of commands and just moving on. That’s what war do to you I guess. Anyways I get what you’re talking about, you admire Hope, and feel like you want to follow her everywhere. That’s admiration turned to dedication. I’ll tell you know I don’t know why Leo didn’t come back, I was never really close to the guy in any real way, and in truth I don’t care. What matters is that you’re here. In enemy territory, scared as hell because you would go to hell and back for Lady Hope. That is simply it. But make sure you understand what it truly means for you to be by her side, and what your place is there!” Jade said as he patted his shoulder and walked off. 

Pandro who overheard him noted to the man: “You didn’t mention the part where you realised that you actually like 2 different woman who simply wore the same face?” Jade pushed him away in annoyance from his words, as Konnar gripped his fist. 

Then in a moment Hope and Zoe appeared before them as Irane walked on through. He looked at them all many looked on at him in pure fear. He was a legend to many, a monster to most, and an absolute horror to those who remember him all the way back in the first Primal and Orians war in Heaven, and now after in the Arke and Apexia War. He was a truly terrifying man, as many of the Spirits and Alma bowed the heads low and started shaking, fear from the beast and tools within them who remember the terror this man, this mana inflicted on their masters. On Selis and Vraka. They remember it well, as the others who didn’t simply bowed low in response to seeing the others bow. The only ones who didn’t bow were the Ascen who simply remained staring at the mans face, as though they knew of him, but still held on to their pride. The pride of the Ascen within them, a truly deep pride. Irane looked at them. The ones here were the ones who were permitted to enter Apexia and choose to become an Apexia or remain on the land, The other Alma and Spirits who didn’t qualify were removed by force from the border of Apexia close to a doorway back to Orians. He spoke to them in a loud and direct voice as asked them all: 
“I want you all to understand the choice you are to make, You have 2 options available to you, either you can simply live on my land in a designated location specified by us, for a limited amount of time, 15 years, or after your war is complete with the Primals. That is the restriction, you follow our laws and are permitted to work for use for a set wage, or you can be an Apexia. Now I warn you simply, that those who walk the path to an Apexian will be seen as full citizens of Apexia, and thus subject to her full rules, laws, traditions, and customs. You are to relinquish your formed titles and simply be Apexian’s. Not Ascen, not Alma, not Primal, not Spirit, not Human, but Apexian. You will obey Kazemi’s Will and note it well that the first and absolute law of Apexia is that Kazemi’s Will is absolute. There will be no questioning his will, no negotiating, no bargaining. It is absolutely and you will see to it you remember that well! 
Choose wisely!” 

In that moment Zoe shifted and faced forward to Irane as she bowed low and spoke in a direct tone: “I speak on behalf of the Orians gathered here that we acknowledge your terms and we are grateful for your generosity. Therefore I would like to offer myself to join as an Apexian, and further then that I would like to become a Valariyan my Lord!” He voice caused a freeze from him and he looked shock for a moment and recomposed himself a few seconds later: “You do understand that to be a Valariyan, is not simply to obey Kazemi’s Will, but to be an outlet for his very Will. To be an extension of him. There is no failure on that road. No matter what. If you chose to pursue the right to be equal to the Valariyan’s to those marked by the Emperors very core, you must offer it all up, your very core. And I assure you, I’m not being vague, he will take your core.” In that moment a group of Automaton Human walked, they were wearing Great armour with their helmets of, their bland face stared on with pure vague expression. You can choose not to be an Apexian whenever you want, and leave when you want, simply note you will never be allowed to return, and don’t thing we have an option for criminals to be exiled, we handle all our criminals in house. But Apexian’s who choose this path are unable to fail, as failure simply leads to this. To your very core being the Emperor to hold. I warn you it will take 100 years, 100 years of your life to achieve this. Only the children of the Valariyan’s are give 10 years as they grew up in our own biome, you will have to spend 100 years as ours. The only rights you will have are the ones we give you. You won’t be allowed to refuse anything. And you will be seen a the lowest. You must choose to be a slave for 100 years to use, to be considered to be an equal? IS that something you can do, do you really thing you could truly be a a tool for that long?” 
Zoe stared right into Irane’s eyes as she answered: “Yes!” In that moment Hope also bowed low catching Irane off-gaurd as she spoke: “My Lord Kazemi, if you would be so kind I would also like to pursue being a Valariyan my Lord?” 
Irane was even more confused by this. She was silent the whole time, then suddenly spoke as Irane asked: 
“Why? What would possess you to want that?” Hope simply smiled as she replied: “No my sister’s a Valariyan and I simply would rather be equal to her than note. Consider it a matter of Pride, I can’t have my little sister outrank me in society…” Irane stared somewhat frozen as he just stared at her, then in a moment Konnar also screamed out from the crowed: 
“Lord Kazemi, I would also pursue that path if you don’t mind?” 
Irane was shocked by that as the sheer distance of him shocked him. Why he wondered as he saw a hand being raised by the Ascen side, they were all grouped up standing firmly aside each other as a young man spoke: “tell us, what is to happen to Lady Arai?” Irane spoke directly while still making sure he was awake: 
“Oh, her, yeah she is never leaving Paradise. In a way your could say she’s a prisoner of ours. And if you’re asking why, I would like to remind you of the current state of your homeland!” His words made a loud eruption as he asked while unable to retort that point: “Then tell us, what would we need to do to be by our Lady’s side?” Irane was confused for a moment as he asked: “Tell me, if I said you had to stay in prison with her, to say behind bares for the next 100 years, getting the smallest grains of food and water enough to keep you alive, but barely enough to keep you feeling full, would you choose that life?” Irane words made the Alma and Spirits feel terrified from those words, many knew he would, they saw this man as a monster and not a man, but the Ascen stayed firm as they all repied in one voice booming with 500 voice strong: “We live t serve our Lord and Master: “Lady Arai Vane, and if we must remain in hell beside her, then so be it, we will enter hell for her to!” Irane stared as he asked: “And would you sentence your children to serve alongside you, would you have them in this Prison with you. Would you be able to explain to them why they’re in this hell?” One voice roared through as a woman’s voice cut through: 
“They live because we live, we live because Lady Arai didn’t leave us. Our children are our pride and joy and we wouldn’t feel an ounce of shame in offering our pride and joy in service of our Majesty!” This stunned Irane as noted one very terrifying fact. She ment it, and all their cores also emanated with the same intensity. As though all their cores where unified in the same note! Yes we would. This worried Irane for for a moment as then looked on at all the people. As though he had had enough of this as though he had heard enough he unleashed his Mana in the form of pure Force, making all feel it like a wave of pressure forcing them, The Ascen were all forced down, as well as Eveyone else, no one was standing at all as Irane added is Aura into the mix making them all feel the intensity of his words to their very cores: “I say this once and only once Orians. This is not a game, All of you who choose to pass as Valariyan’s understand that is will be hell, and you Ascen, make note that even though you are here for your master, don’t even for a second believe that she is above him, and his will. You will bow, before the Will of Kazemi, and you will acknowledge it as absolute above all, am I clear! If that is so then make your choice, well!” Irane voices echoed. Then in an almost soft voice, a little voice around the Ascen spoke through: 
“There was a story Lady Aliya you to tell…” Irane’s eyes flashed as he looked on at the boy who looked about 6 years old, his was on his knees, but the pressure wasn’t great, he made sure of that around the children as he carried: “The story if Irane Kazemi - The Core of Core’s, The 8th Champion of Kazemi; The Emperor of Apexia who rules upon his throne in Paradise. It was a pretty fun story, I know it was forbidden but she said it was her favourite story, it said how amazing he was. I wasn’t scared to come here cause of how amazing you sounded from lady Aliya’s story…” Irane eyes widened as he heard the boys words. He then looked around for a moment as he spoke up: “Yeah, its my favourite story too…” his voice almost sounded sorrowful and a bit heartbroken, for that moment he noted in a loud tone: “Make your choice Orians!” As he walked back into Orians. Mira met him midway as she walked back. 

Irane noted: “Sorry to leave the Empire to for the next week Mira, I need to go and heal up properly and actually rest this body properly. I’ll be in Tulla and Paradise for w while. I leave everything to you!” Mira Nodded as she asked: “So, was its your favourite story too hey…” Irane frowned as she said: “I’m fully aware how childish it is to have a children’s story and book as your favourite book, but I’ve seen both versions of it, the one from Sofia, the original and the one from Valariya. Slight difference, but both story spoke of one thing well, The Emperor. And what he was. I love telling it to Summari and Nighla and the other children as a bed time story. It’s a cute read.” Mira smiled as she noted: “You have no idea how close to reality that story is…” Irane shook his head as he replied: “Don’t tell me you actually believe in that prophesy nonsense the Primals you to cry about? What a joke, too believe so dearly in a story as to make it a myth, so idiotic.” Mira nodded her head as Mira asked: “But didn’t you use it as the template of an Emperor?” Yes, If my logs show are correct I was ordered to be the champion of legend, and I saw the same info on it in Sofia’s story, it was in truth a proper model in a way, but I only read it to the first chapter of the 2nd parts. I saw the start of them the champion became emperor. The leader of man. That were it cut. I used it as a template as it described the champion so perfectly. Like a detail on him, like she saw something from him…” Mira note how Kazemi said: “If im not incorrect Kazemi noted that the story was formed from her reawaken the cells in his mind, and how she went all the way back to the memories of when he was human, as Ziphora that he sealed away in his mind. She saw pieces of it, in a way.” Irane nodded. It’s just a story Mira. Nothing more than a fairy tale we tell to our children tout them to sleep!” Mira nodded. She knew so much more about it, but Irane seemed so against hearing it. She asked directly: 
“What do you want done with the Ascen?” Irane shrugged: “if they want to be with their Lord, then they must take the path of being a Valariyan. It’s that simple. Honestly didn’t expect Zoe and your sister to want to be Valariyan, and that Spirit guy too, why… Makes no logical sense at all. Maybe I just don’t get people, and yet im ment to be a leader of man… what does that say about me? I need a to rethink for a while. I’ll let you handle everything. I’ll give you a proper vacation after I get up and recover, you deserve it. Mira smiled as she stated: “We’ll it most likely will be my first and last vacation seeing how much work we will have, This will create massive waves all over. The Orians will come, the Primals when they find out we have been helping the human might decide were a problem. And worst of all we have no idea how to really deal with Arai… Its having enemies everywhere, with the biggest one, right in your backyard.” 

Irane snarled as he stated: “is she that bad Mira, I mean I understand restraining her, but having her imprisoned, You and Kazemi treat this woman like she some kind of monster it scares me… I mean I get she’s got some influence on me, but come in, I can handle both Iris and Enari in my mind, and body, what makes her so bad?” Mira laughed: “She’s got a direct link to your mind, and also she’s the reason you’re a human, you know that much right.” Irane frowned: “Fine, I’ll stop and leave it be. None of my business I suppose. Arai… I wonder what kind of woman would be bold or insane enough to come up with me… with the emperor himself. I wonder.” 

Irane didn’t know much about all three woman, He knew their connection to him, and their role in his formation, but that was it, he didn’t know the conversation they had with Kazeme moment with them weren’t him. This was his first his first impression of each of them:
- Zoe: A quick tempered woman who deluded herself and reality to cope, and how hurtful her insults could be. 
- Hope:  A woman who loves his sister so much she would go into slavery to ensure she was not beneath her. A real superiority complex and a sister complex perhaps, he thought to himself. 
- Arai: The most dangerous being to walk the earth based on Kazemi, the person he somewhat saw as his God, and Mira the person he trusted the most. She was dangerous, and even without realising it he already had a sense of fear towards her.

Hope and Zoe along side nearly 1 Million Alma joined the Apexian, with 350,000 oof the joined lady Zoe to be Valariyan’s, with the Spirts it was 650,000 for them who joined the Apexian, with 400,000 of them joining to be Valariyan’s. Then all 200,000 Ascen all joined to be Ascen, agreeing that Kazemi’s will was absolute, with them being assigned to serve under Arai. This number was tallied as the Spirts, and Alma were assigned to the 3 main cities of the elements of Light, Darkness and Energy which were near the region around Tulla, Ether and Sethia by the Southern region of that space. The first 7 were set for mostly the humans who numbered in the billions, All the Villages where current lead and direct by a group of Valariyan, who are keeping order. They ones who chose to be Valariyan’s were prepared to begin. The process, They were all ceremonial washed as though removing all that they entered with. They all moved though a Temped point, where white, Black or Golden light wave cloths. They were then all lead towards the Palace within Paradise. They started they work by foot from Sethia to walk to Paradise, would take a full Week on the route as it moves through Hades and Ether, and also Tulla. Almost like they are shown all of of the empire, before moving to Paradise, were they will offer their cores to the Emperor. You are all free to turn back at any point in this walk through to Paradise, none can fail if they don’t enter the room. Understand that it will take a Week, and in that week you have the right to leave, but once you enter the gates of Paradise, there is no more Turing back!” 
They all heard as they began their walk…
In that Time, Irane was in Tulla. It was the most advanced lab and cite in all of Paradise excluding Paradise itself. But being in there required him to be over 15% to be able to walk with no issue, so he was in Tulla getting his body fully treated and repaired, while also getting the full rest needed for his body to be at 100%, in terms of health. In that time, he was being assessed by Nina and Dokia. They were accompanied by Assa, as she was granted full access. She was set as a someone who got her title of Valariyan with Aliya, who was stated as the first Valariyan. It was stated simply that she was the first Valariyan. A name the Valariyan would acknowledge for there days to the children they had. She was asleep as well in the medical centre in Tulla were Arai also was. Irane, Aliya and Arai were all in the same facility. Now Summari and Nighla were here along side Urial and Dokia. Dokia was the best at identifying major internal injuries and issues. While Nina with her Time water Magic learned and mastered an Art with her new Beast Stream, A Loong Class dragon, same as Dima. {Note Mira’s Dragon Emo is the same class of dragon as Enari, which we will call Ascendent Dragon class Dragon, While Loong Dragons as the same class of dragons that have that long snake like form, a class of dragon with long bodies, small legs and feet and long majestic hair, they hover over the land. While Enari and Emo and Dragons with Wings and 4 limbs, a tail and long neck form, the wings are on the back like EUROPEAN dragons). 
Now she was very capable of using this healing technique as she used it to heal hundreds of soldiers wounds that would take weeks or months, Meer days. Its was a truly incredible art made even more effective with the abilities form Summari, Nighla, Dokia, and Urial who all add their mana into the process to improve it. Irane was in a Large Vat, with tubes all over his body, floating in a Deep blue liquid, with all the required facsits for life. As they called hit a Helo’s womb tank, used for full healing. The damage to Irane’s very body took all their had to reduce and heal him to 100% in a none stop treatment that was the same as treating 1 million people at once, within a week. It was indeed a tall ask as she did it, It took a 4 days, to complete and 2 days of him being fully asleep and recovering in what they called a Heal tank, one which revitalizes the body from fatigue and akes, ensuing all is fully repaired. It was at this stage that Arai awake from her rest in one of the rooms in the hospital. It was night time, more of the quieter days as most poople were off resting after that 4 days of hell with was a full staff load of none stop work for everyone there. It was quite for once as they all were home asleep and only essential personal left. 

Arai opened her eyes as she sared up at the night sky. It was peaceful and now the noise around her sleeping form was also gone. She felt at peace staring at that sky, noting how wrong it was, how the stars in this position of Limbo weren’t supposed to look like that. She knew the night sky of Limbo, or better to say that region off it, and how it changed from the wars the Orians and Primals waged there. The night sky of Heaven, of Limbo was not this one, this was far too different. She stood up after looking up for a few second, having thought for a whole hour in her mind in that moment. She was used to thinking fast but even she noticed how quick her thoughts were now, far too quiet. She was thinking at a vast pace, but she adjusted quickly, as one who knows their minds well, even in this new over sensitised state she knew how to relax. And to slow down. She walked around as she passed a few Autatons who were on guard around that time, as she walked around. They simply looked her in their armoured forms, head to toe in golden armour. Arai chucked as she wonder about the design on them and how in closer inspection all of them had different inat designs which made them all somewhat unique, marked with the cores colour of the person, It was as though it was telling their story right now, the story right now, and how if they were conscious they would focus on doing it all perfectly. Arai chucked a bit as she looked at two of them: “A horrible curse indeed. A truly horrible price to pay for failure, but I must admit I can’t say I wouldn’t have done the same thing…” She mumbed to herself as she walked past, she noticed it, how his core was bound and had its conscious intact as the subconscious and the subconscious turning to the main mind, fully set to serve as a Tool of Kazemi, that is all that remains, as the people are aware yet still resisting, she looked at one that caught her interest: “Well hello, your different aren’t you?” The armoured moved to look at her: “Hello Lady Arai Vane, it is a pleasure!” She frowned at the name as she spate back sharply: “I hate that name, I would much prefer you call me Arai…” The armour nodded as she asked: “So where am I?” The armour looked on as he pointed to the hall leading down. Under 8.” She said, as Arai walked on in the direction. The hall as she arrived by a room with 2 massive Golden guards, they were about 7 foot tall but the armours where so detailed, they both wielded spears and had massive shields and a large sword, and what looked like a Gun on the side by the blade. They looked like Titans to her as she stood by the door. They moved their shields almost as though they were permitting her to enter. She walks in looked right in awe. The room was large but all components were within the walls except one thing in the centre of the room, a Man’s frame hanging in the tups, His winds fully visible, and his tail to, his hair floated about, as this horns now peered out just a bit. His form was smaller now, like he shrunk from the last time she saw him. He had 2 Pair of wings now, The massive ones on his back, and 2 smaller ones right leaning under his arms, he was attached to so many coils and wires all around his body. It looked painful, but she noted how peaceful his face was, in stark contrast with his form. She walked as she looked on at the man’s string at his face, noting how his face looks a lot more human now, she looked on as she wondered what he was thinking about. She closed her eyes, as she did what he did to her on that Island. She entered the mind of the mans mind. Quietly and slowly, like a mouse snaking about through. She noticed how he didn’t seem to notice her in his mind. As she looked through. 
His thoughts were a tempo of process, and ideas. It was a loud coo and humming of a mind, all focused around on simple point marked as Apexia. He focused on it truly, then she noticed how there was an ever bigger one to the side, much bigger marked as Valariyan’s, with far more conditions, all by a Massive tree in his mind, like it growing out there. Then she noticed his thoughts: 

“This really is an annoying, I don’t understand people, I mean seriously, who would ever want to choose to be a slave, I mean serious. Are all those people stupid, must be… at least most of them had the common sense of just being Apexian’s instead of being steered by emotion and pressure. Those fools have no idea the hell they’re about to endure. Seriously…” His words and frustration echoed trough as she noticed how most of his attention was drawn to massive point, with 5 Major colours, erupting from within and 5 from around it, she tried to focus on it as she noticed all the thoughts on making the empire perfect for Hope and to make Zoe’s ‘Home’ perfect were his main thought points, then she looked on as she saw the thoughts around Summari and Nighla also take so much of his mind, and how to much he was working for them. She laughed, unaware of the 5 which was currently somewhat inactive with would forcefully take 50% of all his focus to it, 50% but she couldn’t perceive the whole point as she only saw different thought bubbles, not the while idea as she was within the system, her whole mind was main thinking point, as she also now focused her mind to also aligning with his thoughts, She reinforced his thoughts and ideas, adding and assessing his. 
Irane who was in a somewhat sleep state felt didn’t notice it as an intrusion, it was like his own mind was answering and assessing, like there was someone else thing along side him, reinforcing his ideas, through the reality of it all. Irane had never felt this as he started to inadvertently push further, and further, taking form Arai own thoughts and adding them to his, perfecting it more and more. Irane was indeed an over thinker who liked to branch out in his thoughts and use uanessacry energy on none-important tasks. This was simply how he was but Arai forced him to focus on one, she was hyper focused, able to fully give her whole to one point, and as she was he was focusing on that assessment and even coming up with more perfected ideas, Irane was the point between 0 and 100, that was who he was and every aspect of him aligned on this, as Arai became so consumed on his mind that she didn’t notice how she increase time in his mind, Irane felt like his mind was finally active, it was a truly new sensation as he felt like he needed to focus more, match the energy, with his mind this active in such on his main tasks he was fully pulled in, using the principle to complete ideas, scenarios and include chaos-harmonic theory to the model to account for unknowns, he was even looking on at far more complex ideas on the empire, the food and crop, how to improve the whole nation and also to prepare the military. Battle ideas and specifics. Then the focus on how to ensure his children were raised right. Arai laughed as she wasn’t sure on that one, she couldn’t even imagine were to start as she though on what he had done, how he turned the whole city of Paradise, into a place which can both house Conceptual’s but allow them to live in harmony. The city was a marvel that was able to track and prevent major injuries, like how if Summari laughed a star, it wouldn’t burn or blind anyone around, as the city will move drawing mana from Kazemi’s main core, from the palace to stop it. And night bring down nuclear bomb, and yes she did this, while Urial caused earth quacks and distortion in people around, the city moved to allow them to move, and further she saw how Dokia who was the most dangerous was allowed to walk around while the city was able to identify when she was actually trying to kill someone or just make them experience death, and even when she is drying to make someone experience life or die them life, she is complex, but the whole city was able to identity the mortal ones, of Death and Life while allowing the death and life ones to be the people problem cause they were n truth more of a annoyance once your used to it. 
Arai laughed a bit at all the ideas Irane had for them all based on what they might want to do, she noticed how he was thinking about them separately instead of as a pair, as always together as she realised how he was focusing on their core desires, Irane was thing and solving to many issues in his head, that it made his start to perfect his thought but that made his mind feel like it was about to over heat as he was about to transcend the bounds of human though, Arai stopped it, which was a shock to him as Arai pulled her thoughts back, realising she was interjecting with his thoughts and dreams now. Irane entered a mental woozy state as he felt his mind go to overdrive for a moment. It was beyond intense like hours passing in seconds. It was amazing. 
Arai left the room noting how interesting this was, she looked the guards at the door as she pointed at one: “Would you be so kind as to take me back to my room please.” She simply asked as flock as an armour of the same class appeared and carried Arai on the its arms to her room, and even started standing guard by her door. Now. 

In the morning she heard Nina enter as she spoke: “You know I like to keep a tight schedule sis, and your stunt cost me a day…” As said that Arai came in and hugged her, Nina paused as she hugged her back, her nagging taking a pause as they checked on each other. Smiled as she looked at her sister who wasn’t sure that was going as Nina noted: “We’ll your current technically detained in Tulla at the present moment until your fate is decided by Lord Kazemi in what was supposed to be 2 days, which had extended to 3 because of you…” Arai was confused as Nina stated: “You pushed his mind to hyper focus, making his charge up. I need to force him to sleep now in order to make up for it and his dreams… well that aren’t fun I guess. Well whatever, it’s just 1 day.” Arai looked on as she smiled: “Detained hey, I’m guessing it was Mira who set this up?” Nina agreed as she stated: “Yep, in truth we couldn’t really allow you to be out and about if you’re going to ordering city destroying bombs every day you know” Arai choked a bit as she noted: “It all felt like a dream, It was more like a fun idea, it didn’t seem possible but he did it didn’t he. Damn, I didn’t even realise…” Nina hugged her sister as she stated: “Don’t worry no one died, so you don’t have to hold on to any issue. Summari and Nighla made sure of it. Impressive, they even captured Niro and Tunde from the Ascen royal house. So we have Niro, working for use as an enslaved tool.” Arai stared on as she chucked a bit, she couldn’t help but feel relieved over that fact, she didn’t want any more innocent blood on her hands anymore. Nina looked at her sister as she stated: 
“Arai, I just wanted to apologise, I was so filled with rage when you brought me hear and offered me as bargain chip that I never even knew you where bringing me to a… a better place. In truth, I wanted to apologise and say im sorry sis, sorry for thinking you were an evil witch. I’m sorry for doubting you sis. I really am, I promise I won’t ever again.” Arai smiled as she looked at the tearful face of Nina. They spoke for some time, as they watched on together for the whole day. In that time Aliya woke up as she was walking around in sort of daze, there was an automaton falling her, to make sure she didn’t hurt herself or anyone. They were set to ensure that. Aliya stumbled into one of the higher topes of the building as she looked on at he horizon, in a moment she looked to her side as she saw Irane who standing there looked at her. She froze as she saw his lips move but no sound come out.” She rushed in an instant hugging him with all she had. Irane fell for a moment as Aliya hugged him. He paused for a moment then embraced her back, they stayed in that position for some time as Aliya didn’t let go, Irane adjusted so they say in a more comfortable position, as they looked at the horizon as the sun came up. It was silent between them as Irane spoke: “I love watching sunrise, I’m always up at this time no matter where I am, I always make sure that if I can. I watch the sun rise, from the moment it was fully dark to when the whole sun is visible, Its said Kazemi did the same thing everyday in the war. I just do it cause It feels like the start of a new page, like this is the sight that the page has turned. It feels comforting watching that world change. But I must admit sunset make me feel a little say, like they indicate the end for some reason{Connect with his human experience}.” Aliya looked at the rising sun as she spoke: “Is this a dream?” Irane chucked as he asked: “Does it feel like a dream?” Aliya nodded her head slowly, as she spoke: “I’m so tired… I feel like I haven’t sleep in years, and I just want to sleep, I know I need to give it my all always Lord Kazemi, but im so tired…” Irane chucked as he stated: “Yeah, rest up Aliya. I’m not going anywhere, rest up and take a break, you’ve earned it.” Aliya smiled as she closed her eyes slowly going back to sleep. Irane stared on at the sun rise as stated: “You really have grown up from the last image I have of you Aliya. I wonder what you’ve been through…” he noted as he looked. 

Time went on at Aliya opened her eyes as she looked on on at the sky with the sun now I high arch in the sky: “That was’t a dream?” She mumbled as she got up, she felt beyond rested, almost fully rejuvenate as she looked on she saw Irane who seemed to have also passed put sitting and acting as her pillow, she was shocked as she jumped up in genuine surprise as she didn’t think it was real. She was embarrassed as she left in hurry off. Irane woke up a few hours later as it was late into the afternoon. He got up and started walked about, probably the last time he’ll be able to experience a free walk for the next few weeks, he saw the work ahead and it was tremendous. There was wars and battles to prepare for, people and families to think for and most importantly, the Goals of his very cores affecting him. He knew he was drawn to a purpose, but even he didn’t understand it. Irane Kazemi’s doesn’t know their cores are effecting him. He feels his heart beating but in fact it’s Hope’s heart while his is still in his chest. Silent as it need to pulse. But his blood flowed, as flowing by Hope heart beat. He felt his Bodie’s every cell, everyone of them in his human body so well. And so did Zoe. But his mind, he felt that like ones feels their own subconscious. Seamless, we all feel out bodies, and we can all feel out Hearst, but the mind, you can’t feel your mind as one believes, no one feels their subconscious. The subconscious mind of someone dictates so much of a person, Automatic Regulation, Habit Execution, Information Filtering, Long-Term Storage, Pattern Recognition, Emotional Processing and even Symbolic Communications. The seal, the Will cores were all set connected to Arai directly, pointing her human nature onto Irane, she was the only person in the world who truly saw him as a Tool. She saw that reality of him, and the seal reflected that, His Soul, Emotion, Info-filter/pattern-recognition, Automatic responses, all set from this system. Arai felt his heart like a tool, Iris, and his body like a beast(Enari) which his mind in-charge, But one does not feel their subconscious at work, and so how would one know when it has changed. They wouldn’t which is what makes Arai so dangerous. She is the Subconscious that dictates his mind, When not in the drive form he is in his human mindset, but when she activates the drive he gets the conceptual mindset. The Seal was perfected to that when Arai was to active her drive, then Aliya who is is soul would also activate her will ensuring that the mind still had a soul in a way, if his heart is active, his forge, then his emotions are also included to ensure all is made with feeling. If his body is active then death must be active to facility the natural order and ensure equilibrium. Same with Spells, they must start from the primordial mana, while techniques from the set mana. His full system reinforced. 
Irane walked around like a wonder for some time as he came by a tree near the high hills by the side, it was by a large clear field as he looked the sun set. In a moment he heard a voice in his head speak: “You look tired?” Irane didn’t take it as invasive, he was used to voices in his head as he always heard Iris and Enari in his head speaking and communicating and no alarms were raised by his mind, the voice felt familiar in his mind as she shrugged as replied like nothing was different: 
“I wouldn’t say I’m tired, I just don’t like sunsets is all, I don’t know I’ve just never really like them. It feels strange cause it always feels me some sadness, like the day had ended, even though one can see it as the night beginning. It always gives me this bittersweet felling…” The voice asked: “Really, Then why look at it?” Irane moved back as he leaned on the tree: “Simply, I watched the sun come up, it make perfect sense that I watch the set as well, 2 events of the same nature, one for the end of the night, and beginning of the day, the other the end of the day and begging of the night. One gives me a sense of rebirth and rejuvenation, while the other always makes me feel a sense of heartbreak and sadness. I don’t understand why. But it feels like my cycle. Like my day is never right if I don’t experience these events.” The voice laughed a gentle laugh: “I think I understand, even if it hurts you must still go along with it, accepting the pain with the joy. Experiencing both, and having them both at once, you really are quite mature for someone who’s been alive for a week…” Irane chucked as noted: “True, true… well I had an incredible teacher in lord Kazemi, and in my mind time moves at a different speed, well all that to just say I have an amazing mind. Imagine being born and already know languages, information, scientific, how the very universe works. Imagine you open your eyes and you know how to form beast and tools. And how to cast spells that could turn cities to ash in moment… How do you think you would feel?” The voice paused as she asked: “That would sound like a paradise.” Irane laughed as he agreed: “Yeah, that would have been nice. 179 years, that how long I was in there. That one day felt like years. Fighting and fighting and killing myself, and absorbing more and more of me. It felt so endless, only one core would survive and live only the core of cores. I fought hundreds upon hundreds of different version of myself all unique, all the same, all with pieces of me. It felt like I was becoming more and more whole with each kill. I didn’t stop until that last fight, I was so shocked to wake up by that tree, and to be offered that fruit. I tell you know, existence has not been fun at all…” The voice asked: “If you could go back, if you could change anything what would you change?” Irane paused, the voice almost seemed to expect a noble answer like nothing I wouldn’t change anything but his reposes shocked her as his words landed on his ears: “If I couldn’t change anything, it would probably be born after Kazemi. Being the main and youngest version is hell. Have you seen what he can do, his got like 6 massive wings and his huge, apparently. I regret being the main consciousness. I regret having to the be the one to start from the ground up. To inherit it, I regret being the bottom…” At that line the voice roared in a heavy laugh as Arai started laughing out loud in the tree where Irane was. He looked up in pure shocked, he was genuinely surprised someone was there. He could sense every core in Paradise, all accept those of the will and drive cores. As now looked at Arai laughing as she tried to compose herself: “I really didn’t expect that, I was sure you would say you regret being born… or something along those lines…” Irane looked up as he composed himself: “Why would I regret being born, if wasn’t born then I would exist. I wouldn’t even be here. Kind of pointless to wish for nothingness. I mean if I wanted that I could just kill myself and be done with it all. So a very pointless argument really.” Arai laughed again as she couldn’t help but be surprised at his words: “Really, you’re quite direct and practical hey?” Irane looked at the woman as he walked back to leaning against the tree like nothing changed, which made Arai laugh even more as she moved to stand next to him. They looked at the sun moving down in the horizon as Irane asked: “If you could go back, what would you change?” Arai paused as she stated: “Maybe stop my own inception from taking place…” Irane didn’t hesitate to hatch comment: “Ah, you think the world would be a better place without you?” Arai wondered for a moment as she added: “Do you ever wonder if we are free, such as if free-will exists or if we actually have a choice in what we do?” Irane smirked as he replied: “Asking a Tool like me about free will is quite cruel… but if you want my opinion, we all have a choice. Many can say that paths we follow everyone else has followed to, how history repeats itself, in truth we are all unique. If there is one universe truth: All cores are equal, yet all cores are unique! Whether your core is a conceptual core, or a normal core they are all the same. You can say the world would be a better place, but image how many people that you’ve influenced that would be different without you. No matter what never wish such, cause I can assure you there is at leat 1 core out there that is better because of your.” Arai smiled slightly as she wondered: “Is that so… guess it’s also pointless to ask your main opinion on it… You really are a wise old man aren’t you?” Irane shrugged and smiled: “Don’t you have the mind of an hag based on how your ability works?” Arai looked at Irane: 

“So says the man who finds Zoe to be irresistibly attractive and hope to be breathtaking.” Arai said with a large smile as Irane seemed annoyed at her comment: “Leave me alone, I have the right to find someone beautifully and attractive. Not like I’m acting on my lesser instincts here.” Arai started laughing as Irane started to blush as Arai added even more thoughts of them in his mind, thinking of them and projecting them, until Irane noted: “Your one stone cold woman, seeing how much you don’t seem effected by what I want to do to you…” Arai paused as she wondered what he ment as Irane stared at her for a moment confused. Arai asked: “What are you talking about, your not thing about me at all?” Irane stared in confusion as she chucked after a moment: “I see, so you have no idea what im thinking about now… I wonder, what is your core desire Arai?” Arai stared at him as she looking his mind, seeing the core desires of Hope and Zoe, even the changing desires of Summari and Nighla cores, even those of those who wielded the will cores in his very being, but she couldn’t see anything on herself.” Irane laughed at this realisation as he leaned closer to Arai: “I see, so you don’t see the thoughts I have concerning you, but you can see everything else. Oh that good to know.” Arai seemed annoyed at this as she noted: “it doesn’t really matter, there isn’t anything I want right now anyways.” Irane smiled in pure confidence as he stated; “That’s a lie. All cores have a desire all based on what the individual wants. Cores are directly connected to the conscious mind of the person. If you have no desire, that core of Kazemi in your body, would have stopped functioning and you would have stopped moving. You have a desire and that’s a fact. You really have no idea how similar we are do you. It our drives activate and we have no idea about it when it happens. It’s a fun little life we have.” He said as she leaned back and watched the sun set as he stated: “Sorry Arai…” Arai wondered why he was apologising as he added: “I won’t lie I had assumed you were more up tight, not as Human. After all you are the woman who in all rights made Kazemi with a lot of help. Still I idolised you a bit, even more with Mira’s and Kazemi’s reaction of you. I really am sorry about that. I promise I won’t do It again.” Arai leaned closer as she bumped shoulders with him. There was some silence as after the sun had fully set Arai asked: “What were you imaging doing to me?” Irane stayed silent as he started to away: “None, of you business.” She couldn’t see them, but she still access to his bodies reaction log and it was clearly more then she might have wanted to now. 

The next day came as Arai appeared before the gate of Paradise. A whole wave of people were gathered there. All the Orians who asked to be Valariyan’s. It had been a while week, and and extra day, a day they spent on the doorway in. Arai arrived with Aliya seeing Hope and Zoe near the front of the mass of people. They greeted each other, but before they could speak Iran appeared, as all the people were prompted ot flow him, the gates opened as Irane stood before them. The city of Paradise. The Road in was massive, wide and direct as he walked in, there was a change in the air as they walked to the city. It was dense with mana, and heavy with both mana Aura and Mana Force. Like a mana generator. In a way Hope noted how it almost felt like their were within a core, as they travelled deeper. He words were inaccurate as the while of Paradise, wall to wall around formed a massive sphere around it. They walked along as the Automitons stood on the road side with their masks of. There was no turning back now, as many would face a similar fate them. Those worlds and thoughts were felt as they all followed Irane. Soon they entered the palace as they looked around to a full room of people. All the Valariyan’s watching. As soon as Irane took his first step into the throne they all bowed as Irane walked up. The throne was high above with what seemed like a large number of steps going up. He body felt like it was on fire as his drive activated to 50%, he walked up with no sound as his body erupted in a golden raging mana pulsing flame. He soon took a set on the throne. His body shifting into the armour all round around him. Soon the room erupted with a golden light as armour started ti glow. In a sudden moment Mira called out: “All bow for his Majesty, The Emperor of Apexia, Lord Kazemi C. Irane!” As they said that the room charged with his deep raging mana, it was dense and intense as she people all leaned down bowing. 

Kazemi looked at all the Orians as he spoke: “I won’t waste your time by asking if your sure, the simple fact that you are within my presence in this days means you wish to be a Valariyan, you which to be an extension of the emperors will, and thus you are ready to offer me your cores. And so I shall take them now!” In that moment all the Orians felt their minds shift, as we see them all stand before the Tree of Yggdrasil within Kazemi’s Universe. We focus on Konnar as he looks at Irane before him in a glowing mass of burning golden mana His Left hand was extended as he saw dark marking all over it, as though it was consuming all things around it, Kazemi stared at him as he waiting with his hand in the air. Konnar caused as he realised he was waiting for his core. He was unsure what to do, but in that moment he thought about it, about his core, and himself. Core are what we are, to use a core is to use your conscious will. He pulled on that as in a moment his core, in a dark lava red colour appeared in his hand, his core manifested, He looked at it for a moment as she placed it in Kazemi’s hands. It sank into his hand like it was being broken down. In a moment Konnar aw him place his right hand on the Tree as energy seemed to flow into the tree and something pull down. Kazemi walked back to Konnar and placed an orb, which looked like a core into his hand. It was the same size as his core. Kazemi smiled as he said: “You have given me your core, and thus I offer you my core, a Trure core of Kazemi Konnar Neel. Eat it while and it will replicate your old core type. But it will change your fundamentally. Your very body and DNA will be changed as your body will be changed and improved to its peak form. You will have bodies similar to the Valariyan’s. And your cores will be fully set. Once you consume that, you will be connected to Kazemi’s very Will and after you will be sent to Kazemi’s Forge for 80 years. There is where your trail will start.” Forge was confused as he wondered what was going on, but in a moment he understood it perfectly as Kazemi looked at him, do you understand now?”
Kazemi leaned in at Konnar as he stated: “Listen, and I want you to take serious note of this, do you understand me, are you with me Konner Neel?” Konner shook his head as he said yes he understands, then Irane added: “Listen and listen well to me, to be a Valariyan is to be an extension of the emperors very will. The emperor has you core, while you live with his, but you will always be connected, to your core. As you used kazemi’s Drive you gain access to certain abilities of Kazemi based on many factors, you for example most likely will get the Forge cause you already have a tool and you really are infatuated with Hope, so im sure that will catch Iris attention.” Konner looked on in shock as Kazemi spoke: “Yes, I know everything about you, everything. But don’t worry, Only I know it, Irane only knows the stuff you do after becoming a Valariyan. Listen and listen well. There is only one way to fail, and that is to try and be like someone else. Remember this well Konner: 
“All cores are equal, but all cores are unique! The Emperor only desires cores who are authentic, who are true to themselves. DO you understand? If you find yourself facing odds you can’t overcome, envision the version of yourself who has done so, and aim for that. Always be you! And really isn’t hard to fail.” Kazemi said as he tapped Konner on the chest with a smile as Konner asked: “If its that’s simple then why do so many fail?” Kazemi shrugged as he stated: “Because they don’t know themselves, and couldn’t find themselves in time either. But I don’t think you have anything to worry about…” As he said Kazemi gestured to the fruit, as he nodded to Konner. He paused as he consumed it whole, swelling it, as it flowing down he opened his eyes in the Vast forget and mechinical city/world Forge of Kazemi.

Irane looked on at the three woman at once as he sat under the tree looking at them: “Good evening to my you, My Queen, My Empress, and my Goddess. How have you been in the last few years.” Kazemi smiled with a grin as though holding in his laughter as he failed and started laughing out loud for a moment. He looked at them as he stood up: “I must say you truly did an interesting time while I was busy tolling away creating your damn Empire, and Home ladies. But I am glad you all weren’t bored indeed.” There was a silence for a moment as Zoe remarked: “You really are a piece of work you know that…” Kazemi interrupted: “I wouldn’t if I was you, sending Criminal my way hoping for me to reform them. What do you think I am a therapist. Im creating a place for people to live in harmony with each other. A home is a sanctuary for all. A place worth fighting for. A place where you have all that you consider sacred, a Paradise. You don’t invite insects into your Paradise!” Kazemi’s spoke as Zoe stopped as Kazemi added: “Besides, I thought you would finally give up that naive mindset after killing Azen, and after all I did to make sure he didn’t die in my clash with Sells and Vraka. And you and Hope just go and kill them with no remorse. Damn. But I must admit it was beautiful to see. Arai wonder: “I see your looking at it from the perspectives of all the Orians who’s cores you taking!” Kazemi nodded as he stated: “All the Valariyan’s are people who’s cores I have taken and are captivating, Core who have given themselves to me, so I can mold them to be perfect, cores that are truly themselves. They will be the most divine cores to consume when they die…” Kazemi had a very deep smile as he pointed to some cores, the core of Aura, Adri, Julia, Nina and Sethma:” I won’t lie these the are the cores im most looking forward to consuming.” His smile was terrifying as Hope asked: “I wanted to ask as Kazemi interrupted her: “You want to know if what im doing is because of you and the answer is yes and now. I’ll make this simple, I only found out from Pandro a few years ago, it was unkown to me also. Some info was obscured from me…” 

Hope was still confused as Kazemi spoke: “Irane is the 5th command perfect. The command set by Nighla, The conscious core. The main core. I am Kazemi, the command of the 3rd command, set by Summari. If you understand that…” Hope spoke with wide eyes: “The first 2 command, the first command, to forget yourself, that one was accomplished by Zoe’s mana. While the 2nd command was completed, by my core…” Kazemi smiled: 
“I’ve explained it so many times, and you still don’t get what I am… I am a core creation Engine. I my ability is core manipulation. I can control all forces. The impossible spell number 888,888,888 The Core Engine!” All eyes shifted to Arai as that was one of the names of the impossible arts they designed. Kazemi smiled as he continued: 
“The 2nd command was completed with the objective to complete the tasks and defeats the dragon. My body died over and over and over, and as I died my cells changed more and more as my Zoe mana made the change affect all my cells and form. Hope’s mana was pulling the mana from those sells thought my blood network. Soon with time, my body evolved around your 3 mana signatures as clusters of cells changing in my mind, heart and body(genteelly) changed and I started to create your cores from your mana in my body. It was affecting my cells, as I changed over and over and over. I was erasing myself and remaking myself. As I became a tool and I actually chose the bored and the cores were completed, at that point I could create cores form mana, but I had only 3 mana sources, then I realised that each of the cells I had was a different mana signature to them. That’s when I moved to a different goal. Creating a core. As I used the first 3 to create the Main core Beginning-Creation-Destruction-Ending core known as the Primogenitor core. The first true core made in the system as with time, I separated it to B/C and D/E, they were better separate for the next stage. I started to learn how to create actual cores, within my forge and from that I learn about Mana Aura and Mana Force and the main components of mana. And then I made the first 10 cores, The Primal Elemental cores: “Fire, Water, Earth, Air, Ice, Electricity, Nature, Energy, Light, Darkness.” They were set as my main elemental signature cores. Cores of their pure element, with no contamination of other elements. Pure! 
Then from there I made my conceptual cores for the principle to improve my body. And I beat Enari. I still have 5 free cores. All 30 of my main cores, are different from the trillion of other cores in my Universe. They are directly connected to my very core, to me directly. Well the Drive cores are still the most direct in affect me. The others do to. But the best are the Will cores, hey were always more like stabilises for your main 5 cores, cores. Which is why they are connected to directly. 
Everyone of my cores is a conceptual core, one with every possible element, plus the conceptual nature of chaotic and harmonic mixed in.” Mira moved in a grabbed him by the mana around his neck as she stated: “I get that part, what I don’t get Is why you didn’t tell use!?” Kazemi looked at her in confusion: “I thought it was obvious?” In a moment Hope’s heart stop beating and Zoe’s body felt wrong and out of her control as she felt and Arai felt her mind almost turn of, while she wa still conscious as Kazemi spoke: “You literally have my three main cores, what did you think, you were normal from that. Those cores were poisoning you for years, killing you because your bodies weren’t fit for them. I literally needed to give you each beasts and tools and altered you bodied to allow the cores to adjust without killing you. Again, did you think you could take my cores and you’d be okay?” Hope was frozen for a moment as she turned back with her heart beating again: “Okay, I guess that fair…” But still I can’t believe you can turn people into conceptual’s, just by giving them your core…” Kazemi interjected: “Don’t be a fool. I can’t just make people conceptual’s. What kind of nonsense is that? you cores nature only shifts when you use my Drive or active the Will. But only with my main 10 cores, the Valariyan’s gain a minor boost and the ability to use all the elements, but based on their main core, the boost is only one core up, so when they use my drive and have a level 7 core, if will be level 8 core. So with the human body a person who has a level 5 core initially will have a level 7 core by the end. But I add a little extra to it. You see the Valariyan’s are born in a war zone, they are used to a more combat lifestyle so I decided to create the trial based on Iris and Enari. I get to test them in my Forge and Biome, sending monster and tools their way to make them stronger, and even if they die, they can just come back to like at a save point They have 80 years, were the enemies get stronger and stronger. But you also get your own tool from Iris which you upgrade in the Forge. Then those in the Biome are set to fight beast and their initial beats can gain traits from other beast they defeat. Through integration and death.” For 80 years, and then 20 years working under us. 
I made it different for the children of Valerians, as when they turn 21, they will just have to serve for 10 years to be true Valariyan. But they will be stated as Val-Apexian’s.” Zoe remarked: “So what about use, where are you sending us?” Kazemi smiled as he stated: “You will just serve the 20 years in service then you’ll be set, I mean it feels pointless to play you in they Biome or Forge when its your territory. So yeah, Just follow Irane’s lead and he will make sure your set!” Arai asked directly: “Irane, you said he was the 5th command. You are the 3rd command, and I am the 4th command, the seal… and Irane is the 5th, and you said the will cores are connected to me not you…” Kazemi nodded as he added: “When you activated your drive with that Book, your mind switched to its conceptual point, you didn’t even feel a change, cause no one ever feels like their mind is different, no one can notice that… So the Will cores, are connected to each of the Drive cores, achieving as Human anchors. They project aspects of my humanity to me, so even at 90%, I still have my human understand at a core level, instead of mental level. Cause I assume once I’m past 75%, emotions and people become a none existent premiss. And don’t get me started on 100%, but in time Irane will gain enough experience to use 100% at full power. But that will take about 1 Million years, give or take a few millennium.” There was a silence at it as Arai asked: “So that means your noting more then a ghost… you don’t exist in a way. Kazemi smirked: “I was a command to Live, for me living isn’t eating or breathing, it’s experiencing mana and cores. When a Valariyan dies their cores are mine to consume. And that’s that. And they chose this so it’s a deal of convince. And they don’t really lose anything. And I both enjoy their mana and death-force, I can also add their humanity to Irane, as he sees their memories of what they thought of him. Amplified by our cores power. For him it feels like an unbearable weight of responsibility, but to 100% that would be irrelevant, Irane is an infant in truth. He is absorbing use at a constant rate, just make sure he doing use more then 35% to much outside of Valariya, and you should be fine, but he also knows himself. He is slowly accumulating the 88 Millions years of experience I built and comprehended. Again it will take some time, but he will get use to it.” Zoe looked confused, as she asked: “Why does it seem like you saying goodbye?” Kazemi laughed as he stated: “Irane and me are one, he is the main and I am the secondary, in truth right now im changing more and more as he lives, soon I will be very different. The only reason I’m like this Is cause im projecting the version all 3 of you know the best I can. 
I have changed quite a bit to be honest. But in truth I’m always me. I’m not saying goodbye, in the terms you know. I will always remember you in this form, as I am. But in time even that will change slighting over the centuries. As Irane changes and grows, so will I. Whether positive or negative. It all depends on him now. And you 3 have the responsibility of making sure I don’t ever use my drive to 100%, ever!” There was an air of seriousness about him as Irane spoke: “In truth I am fully aware of how terrifying my ability is, the power to alter a person core, is something I can do, and In truth I don’t need a person consent to do so. I could simply pull them into my universe and I have free rein on their core. But even I know how wrong that is, so this is my way of both caging and suppressing myself. This is your command is carried it Arai, with you ensuring your seal holds as Irane lives and naturally evolves of the years to be able to wield the power as human, instead of as a as a conceptual. I wonder what I will be like in your care.” Zoe looked at Kazemi as she asked; “All of this was all to ensure that seal of yours, all of this was to ensure you could do this?” Kazemi smiled: “Yes, a task that would have take Millions of years will now only take a few hundred thousand years, and all that is sacrificed is nothing. No one losses anything in this deal! And I ensure that my seal hold, I live and irane carried on as a conscious being, one who ensure the desires of his cores!” If I was you ladies I would be careful what you desire and truly want with your cores, don’t want another Arai situation to transpire.” Hope asked: “So you would do that if we wanted to, me and Zoe?” Kazemi nodded: “Well a good example if with Elorah and Azen, you both evolved and sued my forge respectively to kill your opponents. You used Iris and Enari for that, but if your goal was to destroy all the town in the land of the Alma and Spirit, then you would have gotten the sam outcome with different methods. The issue is that Arai is directly connected to my mind, so instead of an isolated section of me, she command all of me. An I command y forge and biome. SO you see the issue here. It’s a level of scale really. So please be responsible and don’t overdue it.” Kazemi said as he started walking away as he said one final thing as he pick some fruit from the tree and three them each one: “Make sure you take of Summari and Nighla for me, those 2 can be a real handful, but they should be a lot better now. Make sure Summari doesn’t take advantage of Irane with her puppy dog eyes, and make sure Nighla doesn’t charm her way around me. Those 2 will try to get around me by using my love for them! Make sure you swallow those whole!” He said with a smile: “Then he seemed to vanish as he moved back to his tree, they all looked at each other as they all ate the fruits, In that moment they felt the mana and thoughts, and emotions from all the Alma-Zoe, Spirts-Hope and Ascen-Arai of all those who chose to be Valariyan’s. All of them in like Irane had but amplified by their particular cores as Arai saw their thoughts process, their way of thinking and their memories, Hope saw their emotions attached to each moment in their memories and how it affected them, while Zoe noted each scare, the wounds on the body recorded with time, the injecting, the rushing and running. The times of calm and the times of excitement. She felt it in that mana. It all felt so surreal as thousands of people’s cores were exposed to them, as they opened their eyes suddenly in the Palace as they saw many of the Orinas, floating. In what seemed like the transparent floor, as they woman realised their just came from their. The Drive was fully active for them but they felt it in a different way, like they were in conscious control of it, in a moment isoke, Aura, and Mira came and assisted them as they made sure they were okay. Helping them adjust as they told them 1 whole month had passed. Many of the Orians were alder out and getting used to their new forms. The felt immense pain in every bit of their bodies. And it took 1 month to adjust. Isoke explained: “Its been 1 month for you, but only 1 week in the real world. And she revealed that Irane at level 49% was helix out all the Orians in the Trail. he was the in there showing up for them when they felt stuck to offer some guidance. He did this for all of them, everyone on none stop appearing to simply guide and direct in the right direction but not intervene. Irane saw this as one hell of a Job as he had to make each tool and breed and captivate each beast. It was a lot of work, that required superhuman abilities, it was one of his of his duties which he bathed loved and hated the most as it was hard work, but it was so worth it to see someone master their tool or beasts. It was like a stamp on his pride, watching them al grow, slowly but still grow was more then enough to make him work even harder, to help in better ways while making sure that they did it with their own efforts. It was inspiring work for him. As he did it, as they week passed he opened his eyes as those who passed were noted. 

On the Alma side it was 200,000 who got through it, as 200,000 because automatons, on the spirits it was 120,000 while the rest failed and for the Ascen, about 100, 000 thousand failed with 50,000 passed. In that moment Kazemi spoke form the centre of the throne: 
“Congratulation to you: “Each of their individual names said and heard by all instantly’ He was truly proud as he added: “You have proven yourself worthy, you have shown you will never compromise, and that you understand yourself well. We shall celebrate this day within Paradise as we congratulate you who passed, we shall not more those who failed as they will fulfil their duties still as their cores will serve the my will still. Today we celebrate and tomorrow you begin with round 2, as when he sun rise your 20 years of serve will begin, work well to be of use, and to truly be worthy to be equal to use. Many fail in this stage, I look forward to seeing which of you I will induct as True Valariyan’s in 20 years time!” As he said that the room colour cooled as all the people bowed, even the new Valariyan to be moved almost initiatively to this positions, as though it was ingrained into their very bodies like muscle memory. There was a loud roar then a silent pause as it almost filled like all the mana that was around was being pulled into the armour. In a moment Irane walked out from it as he seemed to also be in pain, his body was fully capable of holding out at 49%, but that initial boost to 50% took its tole indeed. There was hush silence as no one screamed in joy or celebration, instead most people seemed almost traumatised, some were in a desert or ocean plain, others in endless cities, or shifting unground structures. It was a purely stressful experience in all rights. They had died so many time, and the pain from each was still apart of them as they notice a few scares all over their bodies. A mark that those 80 years were real to them. Them many looked on at those who didn’t pass as they had emotionless expression, just standing not speaking, no, incapable of speaking as children looked on at the partent, and parents looked at children who failed. It was a humbling moment as the reality of their choice came to seem even more real. They noted the warnings and felt like it was undersold in the horror. Many understood now what it truly ment and the result and drive to be a Valariyan was in truth a do or die endeavour, you give it 100% of all of yourself, or fail, always be at 100%, always for 80 years, and simply improve, those where the words Irane told them in those words, in their few meeting, many remember seeing him 100 times, others, noted how they saw him, once or 2, while many noted how they say him yearly. There was more compositions as they all gathered, and got use to their forms, their bodies and being in this stated. As The Valariyan’s had prepared a massive part in Paradise to congratulate them. It was not an easy task and they knew it well. As they all encouraged them. It was how honest they were in their acknowledgment of ho they didn’t want them be soulless machines, they had to pass, and there was no 2 ways about it. As they all partied indeed. Irane looked on from afar as she sat with Mira: 
“Theres so much more work we have to handle, and now we have 350,000 new people to recruit. Ensure all the children are registered for schooling in Tulla. Mira for now I’ll put you in-charge of Arai, you will be stationed in Tulla with her, The Arai Academy Project is yours to drive!, I will give Aliya, the Clean Home Objective with Zoe and im setting Pandro with Hope. So we have that full set all set. Hope will be in Ether, working in the factories, Zoe will be in the Nature resources of Hades, in the tunnels. Arai will focus with the institution. They are all brilliant elements Mira. And we will truly use them for all they are worth for the Empire!” Mira smiled as she replied: “As you wish, I will work them to the bone my Lord, I look forward to it.” Irane looked on at the people as he wondered how long this peace will last

“I wonder how long this will last, maybe we’ll get attacked tomorrow or next week, or next month. Or maybe they’ll be kind enough to give us a year. Oh that would be kind.” Mira added: “You know, we can just go on the offensive like we did with the Arkes.” Irane nodded: “True but we are still in an unstable state. For now we need to ensure the empire is stable. We need to ensure the Apexian’s are good, and ensure the Valariyan’s to be have their tasks and understand their role. There is far too much work, years worth of work indeed…” Mira growled in exhaustion as Irane spoke: “Mira, take then next 3 weeks of, try and get connected with the primals and get Summari and Nighla to see their brother. Then take the last 2 weeks for all your need. And I’m ordering you to not work in any way. I can handle it, I also gave Pandro some time off so he can be with his children. I don’t even think he remembers them. He said he would be out into the Apexia’s wide unexplored section with them as an outing. So he’s already set, Crimi and Aura weren’t interested, so I forced them by ordering them to relax. Audis and Jade didn’t need much convincing, and Isoke… I didn’t even try, that woman will die working. But anyways, take some time Mira. Let me handle the rest for now, Come back fully rested. Let’s hope the enemy doesn’t attack in the next month, but they both seem occupied, the Orians with rebuilding and the Primals with the Human war. So we have some breathing room. No unknown enemy better show their face now of all times!” 
Irane chucked as he moved to work. 

Mira was from his perspective the was the main person he trusted with all he had, she had a certain charm, one better then the others. She was one of the few people who’s opinion and thoughts of him were unknown to him, but he trusted her more then anyone else. 
Mira moved to meet with Pandro, Assa and Aliya as the part was going on. There was still hard for many as Mira gave Aliya a long hug, and stared at Assa with a slight smile: “From a failure to be a welder of a Evolution Core, I must admit you have exceeded my expectation Assa. Mira had a straight face, controlled in every word, like she was making sure not to show any emotions, she was very different from her old self indeed, from Assa’s perspective, but Aliya was shocked the most by the change Pandro had as he now wielded a beard, as he looked a lot more mature, a young man with a short beard growing, his physical appearance was shocking for them as Pandro laughed as he entered: “Why do reunions always feel so bitter sweet I wonder?” He said as he appeared behind Aliya. There was a moment of excitement as they all gathered about for a chat. The main topic was what was going to take place next as Mira and pandro prepared to finally get a break for the first time in what felt like forever for them. 
She looked at Aliya as she spoke: “Listen up, Assa your more a newbie, but you were always a Valariyan from the first founding along side up, so you won’t need to do the 20 years of service, in truth they don’t actually need to do it, but Lord Kazemi thought it was a better idea to get them working and all that.” 
Mira looked on at Aliya as she stated: “Ali… I heard you bumped into Lord Irane, and slept on his lab in the morning, what are your thoughts?” She said with a slight chuckle as Aliya spoke: “I didn’t really speak with him, in truth I couldn’t even tell the difference, like he was the same person at his core. But I can’t believe that wasn’t a dream…” Mira laughed at her response as she noted: “I suggest you get over it quickly, you’ll be working directly as Lord Irane right hand for the next week while I’m resting for a bit, Adri when she returned from Earth will be your aid and help you get used to, for now Aura will be your aid, she’s part of Adri’s unit so she’s taken her place as his left hand for now, You’ll be his right hand.” Aliya was shocked as she looked up, there was a moment of silence as she nodded in agreement. 
Pandro placed his hand on her shoulder as he noted: “Don’t worry I think it might be better to work with Irane, then I is to work of Kazemi. Kazemi knows to much about us, and he knows our limits. Damn man had me working endlessly for months on end.” At that Mira also looked down and shook her head as Pandro continued: “I finally have some time to spend with my Kids, so at least his starting his reign with vacations…” There was a chuckle from Assa as Mira looked at her: “Assa, you will be stationed in Hades. While Pandro when your back your in Ether. Hades is the current territory of Lord Enari, he has been slowly changing it and adding beast from his Biome into the region, while Iris was give Ether, and been changing it up to fit her Forge more directly, well. It’s more like they’re re-creating their releams from scratch. The Feral and Free Ferali and Celestials were mutated and altered deeply from the war, they all were infused with Lord Kazemi’s mana, which altered their Mana-Aura and Force respectively, making them a alot stronger and free from Vraka and Selis, but they became more primal in their nature. They are genuinely beasts and Tools now. Simply moving around the land. Enari and Iris had been altering the regions so they can tame and use the beast and tools from around. We even captured as few level 10 Beasts and Tools and placed them there.” Mira chucked as Pandro looked annoyed as he added: “Captured my ass, those things were a nightmare to get without killing them, a true hell in all respects!” There was a chilled silent as Assa asked: “What is the point of it all, I mean I get Lord Kazemi, or Lord Irane created this place under the desire of Hope and Zoe, but I still don’t get it. Its always bothered me…” Mira and Pandro looked at each other for a moment as Pandro shrugged as he stated: “We might as well tell them now then later, the true purpose of this while Empire…” Mira nodded as she sat down: 
“I’ll tell you both the main truth, Apexia is the core desired of Arai, Hope, and Zoe cores in all truth. Each section of it is an aspect that adheres to their cores. 
Zoe desire a home, a place to call home. A place where you come to to rest, to relax, and to raise a family. She wan’t not just a home, but a place were she can raise her family without having to bury them non-stop. A place where children and people can live in harmony with each other. It’s not just her home, but a true home for all. That is what the Apexia are, they are the people who are here by choice, the ones who serve as simple people, and call this place their home. That is what they accomplish.But also a place where evolution can take place, were all are give a change to live in all rights.  
Hope desires an Empire, in truth she desires the power that comes from having an empire. An Empire is able to muster all it has to arms all in purpose of dealing with the enemies they have. But there is more to it, power to give it all you have to a cause. The take and integrate all we conquer into her empire to her service. That is the main empire aspect of Apexia, why we made an Empire, instead of a Kingdom. The real plan is to grow the Apexian population and have them group up and form their own kingdom around the 10 elemental village we will build out in the next few years. Apexia is massive, its even large then most of the continents of earth, but we only use a very small bit of it, the shield we have edged around heaven as the edge of out territory, but we have the whole region to use, think of that, imagine it, a while Billions of Apexian, all in their kingdom representing their kingdoms while they serve the needs of Empire, of course that a. Dream that will take centuries to reach…” There was a pause as Aliya asked: “Then were do the Valariyan’s come in to this?
Mira took a deep breath as though about to drop a bomb: 
“The Valariyan’s are for the desire of Lord Kazemi. He desires cores, a being who can if he wanted to simply grab and take the cores of all around and just eat them, that is his nature. But the seal works as a more human additions. It limits his ability to take cores, and only allows him access to ones core when they are in his universe. In order to over come that, he made a deal with people. He gets their cores, and he offers them a core of Kazemi. A core of Kazemi is very different the the cores we have Aliya. They are more like his bodies natural cores, ones all spread across his body. All his cores have a specific elemental types and nature, but all can be altered to produce any mana types. When a Apexian offers their core to him, he links it with one of his cores, like quantum entanglement. The Kazemi core they have is linked to their main core within kazemi’s Universe, as it hangs on the branches of Yggdrasil, in its modified state it can connect all cores into Kazemi’s universe and feed the info from them to Irane, all their info and data, their emotions and toughest are added to Irane to make him more human, but also when they die, Lord Kazemi gets to consume their cores, and have their full essence to work with, you could say he gets to partake of their cores upon death. And Lord Kazemi is very picky about the cores he likes. He likes cores with a lot of Death Force, and ones that have truly Lived and are authentic as he calls them. Cores that are true to themselves, and peruse what they desire. Ones who know their core and pursue it, those are the cores he likes, as he says they have the most amount of ‘Life’ and experience. His even noted how much he’s looking forward to consuming Isoke core, as she has lived for hundreds of years, now and changed to have a new body, she like 30 now, but in truth she’s nearly 200 years old. Old woman is taking full advantage of it all.” 
Assa looked at them with shock as she wondered: “Wait does that mean my core… is” Pandro interrupted: “I wouldn’t be to worried Assa, its not like you live forever, how he described it is that your core still returns to the Pillars, but as it breaks within his core he gets to take you to the palace of the pillars himself and your core returns there but he retains a ghost, a memory of you, and how you are.” They looked on at Aliya as she realised that all the souls she had seen now a days where Valariyan as Pandro added: “They are nothing more then perfect copies of ones core, their csoul that remains with Irane forever. A memory, he calls. Your core though is a bit special. Your see there are 5 classes of cores Irane has within his body, more like specialist cores: Your core comes form his Evolution centre, the realm Zoe inhabits, so even among the Apexian’s your core is quite unique in all rights, a core of evolution. If you used your drive, it would be fully boosted by the power of Evoltions, and your beast would be boosted further. This not as powerful as the Drive, Or Will cores, but still a very high power boost.” Assa smiled at the praise from Pandro as he added: “To aquire an evolution core, you need to prove yourself to Enari, to show hm you won’t give up, no matter what, you will give it your all and not give up while there still breathe and mana in your body. You’ve earned Enari’s praise and his interest. Have fun seeing that beast in your dreams. I hear it’s a party with him there” he said with a sarcastic look. In a moment Aliya asked: “Then what is Arai’s desire, what does Apexia offer to Arai?” She asked worried as Mira leaned back on her seat: 
“Arai’s is well the simplest really, it’s the children of the Valariyan. Her core desire is to influence other cores. That is her cores desire if you can believe it or now. Kazemi stated it out right that all Valariyan’s must be prepared to offer they children and this is that, all the children of the Valariyan’s are Arai’s to mould and influence as she sees fit.” 
Aliya started into Mira’s eyes for a moment as even Assa was a bit shocked as Aliya leaned back as she noted: “So, in all rights while Zoe wants a Home, and Hope wants an empire, Arai simply wants to be teacher…” Mira shrugged as she stated: “That’s what Kazemi said was her desire. And that this is best way to offer up that wish. Arai in truth has a God complex as well as a superiority complex, but you’ve seen what she’s like. Look at all those she taught as Cai, the Mana Academy even. Arai was the one who taught me, Hope, Zoe, Nina, And Ember. We had our masters sure, but none were like Arai, who was so focused on use mastering basics. She loves to influence cores, so this was the best way we could see to deal with it. 
Moving forward I will monitor Arai within Tulla, Aliya you will be set to be with Zoe in Hades and with Hope being in Ether with Pandro.” There was some pause as Mira gestured to Assa to show her more on Hades, Aliya remained as Pandro stopped her from leaving. 

There was a pause from her as Pandro waited for Mira and Assa to leave. Pandro looked at Aliya a stern silence for a while as he asked: “I’m curious. What do you think about Lord Kazemi I won’t ask about Irane yet, not like we know him well yet, but I want your honest view… especially after using the Will of his Soul core?” Aliya paused for a moment as she replied: “I was terrifyed the first time, I just opened my eyes and there was just nothing but dead bodies all around me, but its not like I was unaware, but more like my sense of understanding shifted. But it didn’t feel like it was wrong, it was just different when the will deactivated, but after that when I used it, I had some control, after chatting with Lord Kazemi when we left Nina here.” Pandro looked blankly as he spoke: “I didn’t mean that, more of what are your thoughts of Kazemi from before and after we died and were reborn…” Aliya paused as she thought and shrug her shoulders: “There is no real change in reality, I mean I still feel so much admiration for him. Even now.” Pandro seemed confused as he spoke: “The reason I ask is that you and me had our minds altered, I was told by Kazemi that when our bodies were remade around the Will Core, he altered use a bit and removed the hypnosis, I started to see it more in the view of real. I lost my mind after using his Spells Will, when he told me I was no longer living with rose coloured glasses. He even had a whole drink with me after all that…” Aliya asked confused: “You can get drunk, really… lucky you. Ive tried a hundred times and it never does anything to me, it just taste like stale water to me…” Pandro laughed as he stated: “No, im the same, it was a special drink Kazemi made in Paradise, one of mana infused with it, it was more like juice but for the core...” As he said that he pulled out a bottle from the cabinet as he poured 2 glasses: “You should be moderate with it, its takes forever to make one single glass.” Aliya took a moment as she took a sip. It flowed and made her relax, as she felt like her core was being affected by the mana in the drink, it was a different kind of feeling. The flow of it all, as it moved from her stomach to the rest of her body. She felt so relaxed and energised but Pandro noted: “He came to me with this drink when I got back from Tulla. And he told me how much I had changed, I felt so terrified, but he spoke and drank with me.. I was terrified in all rights. The way I used the spells and the way I was able to handle it and calm down. I haven’t really spoke with Irane yet, but he immediately told me to spend time with my kids. I haven’t really seen them much, we were far too preoccupied. I was so shocked to see Julia using her mother’s technique, and even seeing them grow, I need more time with my kids.” Aliya smiled as she noted: “You really do a lot more like a father now, especially with the beard.” She said with a laugh as he stroked his air and added: 
“I never had enough time to clear my head in the war, so I just accepted it, and my son said I look like a real spell master or a Sage, so I just kept it, but my daughter wasn’t all for it…” Aliya chuckled as she asked: “It suites you well, I must admit. Tell me, how long do you think this will last? I mean how long until we have to fight again…” Pandro poured some more of the mana juice as he looked at her: “Hard to say, I mean we destroyed all the major territories of the Ascen, then theres the Primals and they will definitely be furious when they discover we aided the humans. Even if we never had intentions to help them out as we did, doesn’t change the fact that they won’t be happy. It may not be today, or tomorrow, but I really do doubt they’ll be kind enough to give up enough time to recover properly. I can assure you of that much. So all we can do it do our best to prepare for the wars to come tomorrow while ensuring that our children are safe and sound. He really has a thing for kids and making sure they don’t see war, until needed. He really does hate the idea of Kids who don’t use their cores to the max. Strange man indeed.” Pandro said as Aliya still looked worried. 

“All who dare to and hurt our people, and our empire, they won’t be allowed to do it twice. We will fight and kill all the enemies of Apexia.” Irane’s voice echoes as he entered the room. As though he heard their conversation as he stared at the 2 of them in the room. He loved forward as he looked at the glass on the table: “You really are going to town on that bottle Pandro, you know it one per-Valariyan per year right? Its not easy making that stuff and you know hat better then anyone else.” 
Irane smiled as he pulled out a bottle of his own and placed it on the table as Pandro poured more from his own glass and took the one Irane placed on the table: “You say that and still offer me a new bottle…” Irane simple relied: “You simply took the bottle, I never once offered it to, and so I don’t know what your talking about, plus as far as the stocks are concerned that Bottle doesn’t exist.” He said with a grin as he looked at them. Aliya chucked a bit as she took another sip as Irane added: 
“We will fight them Aliya, that is all. We will fight and kill all who dare show up to our home asking for a fight. They will get exactly what they ask for. And we won’t be merciful in the slightest! Our children will grow up to face new enemies in their time, but we will ensure that they never have to face the enemies we face today.” Aliya nodded as he looked at Irane, this was rh first time she got a good look at the man as she wondered on his more human appearance now the horns and scales on his face were as visible, they were still there but harder to see on a quick glance, his ears and side of his neck were filled with scales while his large hair hide his horns a bit, but his hair was different as it seemed Golden but which a glow of what looked like millions of colours on each hair strand it was hard to make out, but there were 10 strands all over his hair to the side of his left and right, each with 5 different strands on each side. The color of this who wield the drive and those who wield the soul. This man before her had the same core, but he felt so different. The intensity from his very core felt sightly off to her as Irane spoke: 
“I know I’m quite the handsome man Aliya, but you’re staring a little too much don’t you think?” Aliya blushed as she hide her face: “Sorry, I didn’t mean to…” Irane stared for a moment as he sat down and sighed: “Aliya Nexal, that the name you go by these days right. Its a pleasure to me you formally. I know you might now me, but I fell its better to start of like this, I’m Irane C. Kazemi, the Ultimate-Tool, he who bares Kazemi’s Core, its a pleasure to met you!” Aliya stared at him for a moment as she looked back at him and replied: 
“Its a pleasure meeting u too Lord Kazem… I mean Lord Irane” Irane smiled for a moment and nodded as he took a sip from his glass and spoke: 
“It’s gonna be a very long life Aliya, she who bares the emperors Soul’s. I must admit I feel far better with you hear now. All my those who possess Kazemi’s Human Will cores. Back in Orians. I read an heard of all your achievements, I was shocked to now you got your core at such a young age, in truth though it was your ability with the Soul core that surprised me. You got more used to it, faster than Mira and Pandro even, I’m surprised you accepted it that quickly. You impress me Aliya. You really do, I won’t lie I am far to curious to what else you can do. I’ve seen how amazing Pandro and Mira are, I have no doubts you’re just as impressive if not better.” 
Aliya stared down for a moment as she blushed at his words and nodded and added: “I want you to live Aliya, so do me a favour and live while you in Apexia. Live, have fun, be sad, be happy. Apexia is an empire where the people live their lives to the fullest. So make sure you live too Aliya. When you’re not working that is.” Irane stared at Aliya for a moment as she asked in a soft voice: 
“You and Lord Kazemi are 2 different people, but also the same right… so what do you think about him?” It was the same question Pandro asked directed at the man as Irane chuckled as he replied: “I hate him, plain and simple!” Its was the directness and lack of hesitation in his words as Irane added: 
“I mean imagine bring a version of your younger self to live and do the work you don’t want to, you have no idea how much work goes into forging tools and breeding beast for people. It’s a lot, I just spent what felt like 80 years just doing it, well better to say i dreamt I did it, I mean when I go above 15%, I lose memory and it feels more like a dream then reality for me when I go back to below 16%. It may be me, but I don’t have the full set of memories from it, but I do know of it, if you asked me about it, I would remember to a degree. But not by much. It’s even worse when I go into empiric mode 50%. It’s like a dream for me, yet I know it’s me. You can image how weird that feels… just so much work, now I have to ensure his core desire are met Imagine fighting yourself for what feels like a century, then wake to be told your basically the leader of million of people. DO you have any idea how much work it takes to manage and lead millions of people. It’s a full time job you know. And he tells me to do it, I mean I know its me, and that makes it even stranger but I feel like self hatred is not a bad thing… though I must admit I do love myself too though…” Aliya looked at Irane spread his wings and starched out, it was like he was showing of his tail and wings in that moment. Aliya laughed for a moment as she added: “Yeah, I think that fair, but you have to admit, the city and all he made is quite impressive.” She said with a gentle glow to her as Irane replied: “True, Paradise, and Tulla are wonderful example, I mean I heard Paradise was nothing more then ruins before now, but take into consideration who has to maintain and keep it al functional?” He asked as he pointed at himself:”And I promise you, keeping it all working is a full time Job too. Not sure when I will get another moment of rest, well complaining doesn’t help anyone. I have a job I must do, and I am cursed to always to whatever I am ordered to do perfectly, as perfectly as I can. 
So Aliya…” He said as he stood up: “I am cursed with a mind that desires perfection, a heart that wants to obtain everything and a body that wants to ensure its perfect for all situation. I have been tasked to take care of Apexia, and I assure you, this will be the perfect Empire, or better to say, I will ensure that the foundation of this empire is so stable that it holds for millennium. My children’s, children’s children will still be calling Apexia long after we’re dead. That is the goal not an in eternal empire, but one that is perfect while it still stands! So have as many children as you can Aliya, so that they can be witnesses to that empire!” He said with a loud and excited laugh. His smile was so interesting as he spoke, it was the same smile Kazemi had when he truly felt challenged as Aliya noted: “ A perfect Empire is unrealistic and possible don’t you think?” Irane smile didn’t stop, like he wasn’t aware of it as he replied: “Oh, im fully aware little soul, and that makes it so much more fun, it makes the goal worth achieving. Kazemi is being who fought and overcame a trial that none were ever supposed to succeeded in, so if he can do the impossible, what’s stopping me? After all I am his Will made human, that is who I am so why would I ever fail. And if I fail I will just try again, if I’m still alive, over and over again, while I still live, while my core still flows mana into me, while my heart is still beating than how can I give up?” 

Aliya stared for a moment at Irane words, that smile which accommodated all hs words, the excitement he showed for the future, but most of all it courage at it all as she asked: “You really believe you can do it?” Irane smirked: “We’ll I don’t know, I might die before accomplishing it, or even fail outright. The worst part about this isn’t it failing now, but failing in the future because of actions I did. I want Apexia to outlive me, to outlive all of use. I want to stand for as long as it can, and it will, I have no choice but to ensure that.: Aliya was in awe for a moment as Pandro stated: “You really are to optimistic considering how much you seem to cry about your duties, Plus if I’m not incorrect you currently don’t have any heirs seeing how Summari and Nighla don’t want to be involved with your empire.” Pandro remarked as Irane added: “yeah yeah, their children, what child dreas of paperwork and dealing with the headache which is managing and leading millions of poeple. No child wants that. But again their children. Besides of they still don’t want to we can always install one of your children Pandro, even Urial is a great option, regardless someone will be on the throne and they will lead well! Maybe even Aliya’s child might be the next emperor or empress! What do you think Aliya, wouldn’t that be something.” Aliya simply smiled as she nodded in agreement. Irane stood up as he prepared to live as he added: 
“All we do, we do to ensure that our children have a better tomorrow then us, but we must also ensure that our children are stronger then use. They must our betters, we must ensure they are far more educated, and far more prepared to deal with the challenges of the world, so they can deal with it in a better and more effective manner when we would have. If you want an empire to live forever, then you aim to influence the children, the next generation.” Irane remarked with a smile as he walked out. 

Aliya added after he left: “So the next generation, the ones who will be influenced by Arai… I guess I can see why she would be the best for the next generation, but still that Is somewhat terrifying to imagine. You know I heard from Mira how Arai ordered the end of the Ascen cities and towns, based on being told that her whole life was dictated by others. How she was destined to make the next perfect generation for the Ascen, kind of scary how Lord Irane interpreted that and still set Arai to make the next generation. It really does seem prophetic indeed, I mean if 2 great beings say this is what your ment for, It seems inarguable…” Pandro added: “True, you could see it that way, or you can see it as 2 beings decided on the same idea, the same course cause it was the best idea, the best goal for that person. I was taught by Arai, Hope and Zoe when I was younger, and I can assure you Arai was the one who helped me overcome the perception I had. I mean looking back, I’m shocked that I’m the one who is called the grand sage of Apexia, me who used to be seen as useless and weak, now I have one of the highest titles, in this empire. My children look at me as though I’m some great magician. I remember I saw Sethma arguing with Irane Jr. on who’s dad was better, and hearing him argue on my behalf made me happy, to think my own son sees me and Kazemi as equals. Well he doesn’t say it anymore cause he is alder now, but still. I makes me so happy. All of that because Arai took the time to know me, and teach me. I can’t ever repay her enough. So I will do all I can to live up to that. I think you can agree, there is no better teacher in this world aside from her?” He said with a smile as Aliya nodded in agreement. Pandro smiled as he added: “You know Kazemi said that out of all those that Arai has influence your the one who had the most impact on her, he referred to you as Arai’s star pupil…” Pandro smile as he poured on more glass for Aliya and stored the glasses away and left. 
Aliya was alone. This was the first time in such a long time that she was in a silent room, simply doing nothing. She took the glass as she took a sip and noted: “he really does seem so different from Kazemi… Irane seems to much more… human. Its weird… I can’t help but feel a little more inspired by Irane, I know its selfish but I wish I could see the empire your creating from start to finish, I wish I could see it eat its peak and when it falls. Though I don’t think I’ll live to be hundreds of years old… who am I kidding this empire will last of thousands of years, thats smile is proof enough of that.” She said as she took a sip of the drink and finished it, while looked out in the window at the people celebrating in Paradise. 
“To The Apexian Empire!” She said as she looked at the flag and left the room. 


Part 9.6: The Ghost of the Past 

On Earth, on the day the events of when Kazemi was fighting the Arke twins. The Primals were also preparing for their next assault as the storm took over Orians. Its caused major issues as my Primals including Vesper who got mana sickness. But he was receiving. There was massive panic for the Primals. Soon Evelyn returned as she was visibly exhausted from the trip. As she had Nevir Jr. and Irane Jr. with her. She had suffered from deep mana poisoning as she arrived. Immediately Alex went to see her as she spoke weakly to her bother. Telling him about the events in Apexia, and how he had defeated the Arke twins, and also how he enslaved all the Valariyan’s. Stating that he took them, and made those who disobeyed him mindless ordaining tools. They were simply mindless as she escaped. The idea of being there terrified her in that time as she explained. She told him she brought Irane Jr. as he requested. She said all she could and knew as she passed out. Minia was in the room as she saw the smile from Alex’s face. She knew Alex, not well but she knew him enough to know that smile wasn’t his, as he stopped and asked her: “So the Arke twins were defeated by Arai’s little toy… Minia see if you get direct communications up with our spies in Orians, and also please do a proper check up on Irane and Nevir Jr. I want to make sure they’re fine.” He stared at Minia for a moment as he added: “I want to know everything about the son of that machine(ref, to Irane)!” Minia bowed in agreement as she did as he ordered. 
She ran a full test on them. In that moment he took a seat as he looked on at the report from Minia on his children with Ember. They were still 3-4 years old, and it is around this age that children normally develop and show their core types and nature properly. The point when a core is now fully set. Urial was and Dokia can be seen as special exception to this as for them they actually awaked their core types on their first day and in the womb of his mother. But those were special situations.) 
He looked on at each of the results. Different from the ones he shard with Ember as he saw them: Artemis Osiro - Light-Darkness ; Chaotic-Light
Issac More - Energy-Light/Darkness; Harmonic-Light/Darkness
He had Minia change the core type of Artemis to Light; Chaotic-Darkness and Issac to Energy-Light-Darkness; harmony-Light. Minia and him were the only ones who knew, he focused more on the one for his son Issac, as he placed Artemis one to the side. 
He looked at the data and info as he smiled. He was excited more then anything as he mumbled to himself: “I finally have it Cith, after all these years I finally have it, and its all thanks to you. I wish you were around still. The only woman to have ever matched me… the only woman who was my equal. I knew our blood lines would make all I desired come true. My Blood that flows on in Ember, and yours in the Nexal and Ardent clans. I really wish you could her Cith… she looks so much like you its crazy… she has your eyes too.” Alex smiled as he looked on: “Now then part 1 is sorted with Isaac, and once I get new back from Orians I will be able to confirm if Selis and Vraka are still alive or dead…” He noted as he looked on clutching on the tablet on his side, he moved form the files of Issac to the data on Arai as he added: 
“If you truly were able to seal them Arai, if you managed to seal and tame Vraka and Selis…” He smiled at the thought of it, at what that implied for him as he added: “1200 years, 12 centuries of planing, of waiting, and moving in silence. Twelve-hundred years… No, I must not let myself be distracted, now. There are so many more pieces to move into place. I need to make sure I don’t lose Minia now. By estimation she is last key to the puzzle. I really do need to make sure I thank Arai properly. That Girl has been the key to it all.” Alex smiled. 

This moment of joy was interrupted as he got a message from Taliya who informed them there was an issue as a hoard of beasts were found moving through attacking in their territory. They were entering Earth from the cracks between the spacial barrier Mana placed with the Arke twins were destroying over the years. They were bing used by Toma to capture and use Ferali and Celestial for his core experiments. Now they backfired as the many facility placed around these points to capture them were overrun. This was a major issue indeed. One that all of Earth had to deal with as more powerful Ferali and Celestials started to come through in the weeks to come. Alex ordered the investigation on these creatures ASAP as Minia started to see and run tests on them. She soon realised that they were a more evolved version of Ferali and Celestians. They ran many tests and even placed these evolved Vethara(Name for what the Ferali and Celestials are as a group), Minia found out how these beings would overtake the mind of the people and make them monsters in full Demon or Angle form. This discovery nearly cost Minia her whole secrete lab to understand. They were a different class. A fact that Taliy and Ember found out first hand in the battles to come. Father Time and Mother Nature were fully able to sense the change in the Vethara as they realised they had Kazemi’s mana within them. This prompted them to explain which lead to a meeting where Ember and Taliy would reveal what exactly they were dealing with to Alex, Mina and the other main Primal leaders including the earth house leaders. Ember would begin: 
“These aren’t just regular Vethara, as we all know Vethara originated from Selis and Vraka altering the Primals and others joining under their free will. The issue with that is that when they joined with one of the Arke twins their cores and nature were still altered. It’s why despite a Beasts and a Tool doing from an intelligent being, they obey their user will. A beast or Tool can’t disobey their users. Now as you know if a Coreporial being gets a beasts or tool, its like needing to burn double to life force to sustain it in that moment, which is why the Spirits and Alma had their life spans halved. They over did it with their Beasts or Tools. Now Human forms don’t have that issue.” Alex interrupted as he noted: “We know all that, what’s your point?” Taliya took over as she added annoyed a bit: 
“Yes you do, but please listen. Ferali are cores altered to have pure Chaotic Mana within them, while Celestials are beings made of pure Harmonic Mana. Aura and Force respectively. Thats what they are, but they can’t sustain themselves, they need Mana to be viable and they can’t produce Life or Death force anymore. They all used to get their supply from Vraka and Selis or their Orians who wielded them. Each one assigned by the Arkes to an Alma or Spirit baby, right at birth. Now Ferali and Celestials need to be attacked to a person or The Arkes to function and live outside, they need normal Mana to be able to sustain themselves. But these ones, Mother Nature told me directly that they didn’t have that issue. But it’s not because Vraka and Selis are dead. As long as they’re alive then all the Ferali and Celestial that already exist won’t disappear. But only the ones already connected to people. The free ones, they were supposed to die, without them, but they have traces of both Kazemi’s mana within them.” 
Alex sat back on his chair as he asked: “So what? You’re confirming that Vraka and Selis are alive?” Ember interjected: “No, were confirming that theses Vethara aren’t connected to Vraka and Selis anymore, they are attacked to Irane’s Mana. They all have traces of his mana. What we found was that these Ferali and Celestials are giving a different nature of mana. The Ferali seem to have Kazemi’s Mana-Aura, while the Celestials have the his Mana Force leaking out!” 

There was a moment of silence as they weren’t sure what that ment as Minia started to laugh, she laughed as though she had figured out the last piece of the puzzle as she noted: “So your saying that Kazemi’s mana, his mana is compensating in their bodies. The Ferali now are turning some of Kazemi mana into Mana Force and adding to their mana Aura, and making mana agains. The same for the celestial but in reverse, and the reason they don’t turn back to Primals is becuase as the mana of Kazemi turns to mana force, it also turns to mana Aura, adding to the Ferali’s forms. Making them more powerful.” She laughed like she was laughing and laughing which made the room uncomfortable for a moment as the came to understand it. Alex was confused as he asked for an explanation as Taliya noted: 
“Lord Kazemi had a Tool and a a beast that he used to reawaken Father-Time and Mother-Nature back. Lord Kazemi does have a beast and a Tool.” Minia chucked as she added: “DO you have any idea what your explain right now Taliya, your saying that he not only freed the Vethara, but made them change to be self sustaining, they don’t need hosts to exist anymore…” 
In that moment Ember’s and Taliya beats emerged: Father-Time(FT, and Mother-Nature(MN)). MN started first as she stated: 
“You all seem to be overlooking one simply fact, this was the true purpose of the Trail from the get go, this was the whole point as to why Mana set up the trail, to end the twins, and free the Vethara. This was what the point of it all was.” FT added: “Indeed, you all know this as fact. The Trail was intended to do this. And now that is done. What you are all overlooking is the fact that this just the beginning. These creatures are from Limbo, a place that is currently fully saturated with deep and dense mana storm, and they’re all just livinig there.” MN added: “Indeed, what we have seen are beast and Tools of what you would consider level 5 and 6. I fear that we will soon face monsters of a higher and higher until we see… a Titan and a Elohim might show up…” The being sounded worried as Alex’s eyes widened at those words, Minia noticed it, it was fear as she asked confused: “What is a Titan and a Elohim?” The room a buzz as FT spoke: “There are many things in this world that we don’t know well but we did inherit a lot of information form before we were altered.
Titan are beings of pure Aura, pure chaos, you could say they are true Ferali, or the predecessors to them, while the Elohim are beings of pure Force, pure harmony. They existed long, long ago, in an age when cores were still a new concept. We Primordials had many forms. But we were being of pure mana, chaining and forming with the world, around. Limbo was our plain of existence, the place which connects the universe in all directions, and we had many clashes with Titans and Elohim’s, we won, but our numbers changed, as all that formed the cores. It was an ancient war, or rather we feel it as a long forgotten dream. But we feel the fear those names bring to use, Primals beings, of pure mana, Titans, being of pure Aura, and Elohim’s beings of pure Force. The first primordial beings to have populated the universe. And I assure you, it was that war that made the universe as you know it today, and the reason you are as you all are. I warn you all now, if this is possible,  if these Ferali and Celestials continue t grow, theres a high chance that a Ferali-Titan, or a Celestial-Elohim. Then we might be facing a new challenge all together. We need to deal with them now!” The room fell silent as they all looked at each other. 
There was a hesitation as Alex spoke: “Fine, let’s deal with Ferali and Celestials now, we should also find a way to get into communication with Apexia. I want to know the facts, I need to know what occurred with Arke’s.” He said. They all bowed as they were dismissed, in that moment Alex stopped Minia from leaving. 

The was a tense silence as he looked at her. Minia looked on as she asked: “Are you finally going to explain why you kept me?” “Do you know who Aevum Vane was?” Alex asked as Minia froze for a moment. Her answer was set: “Which version would you like, the primal or the Orians version?” Alex shrugged: “Both…” Minia stared as she answered: “The Primals see Aevum as a monster, a demon of a man who aligned himself with the murder of out Gods, of the Primordials, Mana children, and hunted them down. He is the one who truly started the war between the Primals and the Ascen. You get even more insight when you look at it from the Ascen side, and this is even more intresting. Arai told me quite a alot, how did she out it… Ah yes, Aevum Vane, the most pitiful excuse for a man that could even have existed in the universe!’ As she put it, but besides her anger she did explain that the Ascen worship him, a true pillar of their world, the Vane house has stood as supreme in Orians, since his time 1200 years go. An incredible stretch of time no doubt. But it was his teachings that saved the Ascen during the Shattered war(Alma vs Spirit vs Ascen in the war Aevum started). He should the Ascen how to into the power of their cores, and he also was a master of magic, one of the people said to have been taught by the great Sage, the first Mage - Arke. He was said to be her prized student, and his ability was known as after Arke died and Mana left this realm, he took charge, and he lead the Orians, right until the savage war which spilt the Orians to the three races… he was the one who lead them from start to finish. The founder of the Ascen, the name which mean Aevum’s pure gems. The ones who will bear his perfect future.’ Aevum was a true legend. It was said no one could ever stand to him, no one… He was undefeated and unstoppable. He was the equal to the Gods, Vraka and Sells. He who put the Ascen on top. And he who started the Great War against the Primals. The enemies of the Orians.’ An amazing tale really, it even goes on to how he could destroy mountains, with a breath. It was said his core was so unique that it has never been seen before in the history of the Ascen. His very core was a first of a kind. They said…” Minia paused as she noticed the smile on Alex’s face, his expression and face was odd, like it was change as he spoke with changing tone, his voice was shifting, getting deeper: “Ah, it changes every time I hear… honesty I don’t hate it, but perspective really does change a great deal of what the stories truth is…” 
Minia froze as the room felt darker, as though the very space around her was forming, but what was most disturbing was the mana around Alex’s core, it was unlike anything she had seen, Minia core allowed her full view of the space around a being, the life-force, were the core was and the events around ones core, how their mana was flowing. She always had it one, but now she regretted it as she saw the twisting form and change of Alex’s core, as though what was inside was now coming to the surface. Minia nearly jumped up to run but froze as his mana was all around her in an instant. 
He looked at his as his eye turned a deep black with a piercing white in the centre.
“You know I will admit, I haven’t ever heard an Ascen call me scum though, but then again… well it’s just more proof she’s just like Cith. You know one fact history misses. I did lose once, just once and that was to a woman known as Cith More, the Grandmother to this form I’m wielding now…” Minia was still stunned as she spoke: 
“Your, Aevum Vane… no, that’s not possible… how is that even possible? For how long have you been possessing Alex?” Aevum laughed as he looked on: “I really do love smart woman, you don’t need to waste time explaining a lot. Well Minia Consa, I would like to formally meet you, I am Aevum Vane, or rather it’s better to say that I am the soul of Aevum. Wondering the world haunting and possessing people.” He laughed as his voice shock the world around them, the room felt wrong now as Minia took a moment and composed herself. It was a lot to process, but still she was not someone to lose composure easily. She thought as she added: “I mean what would Irane think of me acting to pathetic.’ He mind still focused on him, subconscious function set as she looked at him: 
“Aevum Vane’s Soul, I am Minia Consa, head of the Consa house, so tell me right now, what exactly do you want from me?” Aevum smiled as he looked pleased: “I will be frank with you Minia I haven’t revealed myself many times, in truth the last time was to my children after I took possession of my son’s body, my real son Dulla Vane. I find it annoying to answer questions but I like your desire to jump straight to the point. I will be direct, I require you aid in completing my life goal.” Minia seemed shocked at the words as she added: “Your life work, before I ask do I actually have a choice. I refuse will I leave this room alive?” Aevum smiled on as he spoke: “Well in truth no you don’t have a choice, after all I won’t let you leave this room alive, but more then that I can offer you something that will guarantee your loyalty and cooperation. I have watched you and I must admit ever since talking over Alex you have been a true stand out, even in the war, you have been a key instrument in our continued success. Plus I believe I owe you a great deal, after all if it wasn’t for you I wouldn’t have Issac…” There was a pause as Minia realised: “I see, that’s why you wanted the results altered for everyone else. His core type is the same as your core when you were alive, as your original body?” Aevum smiled as he added: “Good, I’m glad a chose you to handle that, and well for your co-operation I offer you Irane Jr. to do with as you see fit!” Minia was confused as she stared at him with confusion as she asked: “Why are you giving me Irane Jr. Do you think he works as a good substitute for Irane, do you think I want his child?” Aevum added: “Yes, I’m sure you want him, tell me what did you find when you ran your test on him?” 
Mina shrugged as spoke: “Nothing special, he has a pure water core, which a chaotic-darkness state, his body is fully human in all rights. There is nothing special about him. I told you this…” Aevum nodded as he added: “And what was Irane’s body like?” Minia stared for a moment as she spoke: 
His body was impossible. From an eyes view when you looked at him his body was normal with a few additions, like the wings tail and claws, but mostly fully organic, that is until I used my magic on it, it felt like I was in a universe of starts flowing all around, no matter how much you cut, how much you damaged his cells, they simply reformed with new forms. His very cells were like cores. His body wasn’t made for human activities anymore, it was like he fully changed his own body cell by cell, changing the functions. He doesn’t need to each or sleep, his body is designed to absorb and process mana, every aspect of him is locked on that goal. But there were very interesting points on his body, special areas, like they were special organs, like tumours that integrated with its the body. One in his mind, heart, and genital. All but they reacted the same way, no real issue. 
It was Ember who realised that it was a different form of mana, one that was similar to Arai, Hope and Zoe. But also very different. It was more of initiation from her part, but we followed it, and found the key. So Kazemi’s body is very different from that of Juniors. Plain and simple.” Aevum clapped his hands as he smiled: “Exactly, he seems perfectly normal. But I want you to take note of the story Evelyn told about Apexia, and her time there.” Minia was confused as she asked: ‘What about it, she was just crying about all the work they made her do, and how she only got 4 hours sleep, the typical crying of a lazy person, I mean it was a war, and their side was beyond outnumber, the simple fact that you could sleep was amazing. What else, oh and the complaint about nearly dying to the demon babies…” I’m not sure what that is about.” Aevum added: “The four demon children she was talking about as Summari, and Nighla Kazemi your children, plus Dokia Caedus and Urial Hallow, the son of Valariya hallow and Dio Ferran. Those are who she was referring to. She told me more in detail how Irane stated his son must stay with her, around normal children, and how those children nearly killed people. She said Dokia nearly killed someone named isoke, and that she has a great scar across her body now, because of it. Even no how Summari apparently caused earth quacks simply by sneezing and Nighla throw small suns at Urial for fun…” I want you to hear that for a moment.” Minia nodded her head as she noted: “What make him different, that’s what you want me to find out?” Aevum stood up and walked to her, and the pressure shifted in the room, he loomed over her now as she shrunk in her chair: “There is a lot I need from you Minia, this isn’t a simple one request. I have been waiting 1200 years, for this, I need you to understand that the pieces are all falling into place now, And I find it poetic that I am in this form, when I started the war against the Primals, I wasn’t doing it to kill them all, in truth I actually took a number of Primals, those of Promise. I was never an alley of Vraka and Selis, in truth I found them to be 2 foolish children seeking revenge, and when they offered me immortality, well even I must admit that was a sweet deal, once I couldn’t pass up. And yet now, now I am a ghost, a spirit cursed to wonder the world. Slowly fading into nothingness.” 

“Listen to me well Minia, the wheels of fate are turning, and they turning for me, I have been patient planting seeds, traveling the world, and understanding it. Influencing it, all for my great mission, all for this day. I had one dream when I started the war, and that was to own it all!” In that moment mana flowed out from Alex’s eyes and flowed into Minia’s. The rush of energy and mana was to much as she saw visions as he spoke: “I desired a unified world, one who knew but 1 king, I had seen all the pointless fighting around the tribes and clans of my time, I was all but fortunate to be a Vane, more then that I was fortunate to be born in the time when Arke and Mana were around. It was truly a mystical time. Arke and Mana changed the world. Creating lakes, where needed, forests in other. They empowered us with Magic and understanding. We were the first, and I was to be the next leader, but I was special. I was told I was special by her, by Arke, she told me how unique I was, and I heard Mana himself tell me how unique I was, and how should never fear, that, that people will see me as a monster when they simply don’t understand how amazing I was. I took those words to heart when Arke died and Mana vanished.” 
His mana screamed out as he added: ‘I was absolute, as I brought all the tribes of Orians together, even the easter and wester clans in their vast number fell to me, I brought Azen down with one strike and outsmarted Elorah with simple words. Oh it was a great time, but even I knew it couldn’t last, there was no way it could last, for I was going to die. My golden age, my myth and desire would die when I died. I did my best to install my children with my vision, none really to it to heart as Dulla did. He was a true talent, A truly talented boy, who became a truly talented man! My pride and joy…” Minia interrupted as he thought about his son: 
“So, what you feared death, and decided to pursue immortality? That sound quite childish, what don’t you believe in the world beyond this one, where all remerge with the Pillars as our cores return to the source, as our souls return to place we began.” Aevum screamed out as he spoke: “No! I refuse, I refuse to leave history to chance! To die is the end, the end of it all. Many people live their lives accepting their fates, but not me… I would not be denied, not at all! My core was one of a kind, this was a fact even Mana himself acknowledged. So I had to find a way. Before mana left he did speak of resurrection magic, but we all thought they were the words of a mad man, even I did to, only for me to be trapped by the words of his children on how they knew of the key to immortality, and they could offer it to me… In truth as I listened to their scheme I felt the rush of it all. They also note how unique my core was and how incredible it would be {Note this will be an alteration to the lore as we know it, as we see the part of the Aevum now}. 

Aevum projected it all to Minia, the whole of it, it truly looked like a paradise, as they lived in a utopia of a time, the wold felt magical, as we see the age of Aevum and the people in the world, rejoicing as we see Aevum showing her the day the Arke twins came to him. They used his son Dulla and my knowledge about mana to get a person private invite to their meeting. They offered me power, and immortality, and I would only need to create disorder in my nation for a moment. In the grand scheme of things it would have been a simply mark of a war in the history of the Orians. Well that is what I believed until we saw it, the true scale of it, I didn’t even care as the world broke down. I watched it all burn with the full piece of confidence in how I would fix it, but still I saw an opportunity, the brightest gems normally emerge from the darkest and hardest conditions, so I focuses on creating, forming that society where skill and power were everything. I made it a true power, I was give the power of 2 different cores. The very first cores that Vraka and Selis made, I wasn’t sure what they were for, but they made me feel power flowing endlessly. They were marked and placed within by the 2 promising me immortality, they even gave one to my son. I was naive, too naive to understand the truth. The war carried on as the Alma and Spirts became such a prevalent mater, the war lasted to hundreds of years, history in that age changed due to the war. Mana was a long distant dream, and many saw me as a true God. None dared to approach the Ascen, that is until the day I was betrayed on that battlefield. The one time I lost. and all to a child, a stupid young girl Cith More. Her father was a legend in the war between the Primals and The Arke twins, but his death was truly a blow to them, but still his daughter was a different class of woman. I was leading my forcing while she lead hers, it was when Mana returned and placed the barrier around that section of Limbo, to prevent the Arke and their subjects from entering. The first war between the Ascen and the Primals. It was a truly bloody war, and the place of my death. 

The story goes I vanished mysteriously with no word but the reality is different. It was a battle, me against Cith. It was a true clash of power. That woman was far greater than anyone I had ever met with her power. And best of all she started using magic, Magic and spells that I had never seen. She was almost as incredible as Arke, and the worst part, is that’s she was better then me, a man who wielded a One of a kind core, we both wielded energy cores, but I wilded the dual nature of light and darkness, she shouldn’t have been able to even come close to me, it was then that I realised it, as she killed me on that battlefield, that immortality doesn’t exist, no it is all but a lie… Those 2 monsters, they gave me immortality alright, they linked my core, my dual natured core to what they called the source, to their father’s very core. I don’t know how it worked by they turned my body into a vessel, a system to connect to them and feed them mana directly form their father. That is were my current body is, oh by they offered me immortality, oh they did, as I found myself in the body of my son. As I died I took over his body, as they revealed that they separated my conscious mind to my sons. I was given the ability to move form consciousness to consciousness. Oh but there is a condition, as with all things, I can only jump into the cores of people who have a level 7 core as I had a level 9 core, I can’t possess someone with weaker core.” They forced me into my son’s mind as he was the first person I ever took over, it was hell as I watched my whole reality crumble, I lost my body, and my core. Those 2 had changed and were using my body to complete their ritual to become ‘Gods’ as they said it. And I can’t lie they truly are godlike indeed, with the power they wield. But still… my body and core was theirs. All because I was foolish. The conditions were right there, if I ever died, I would lose it all. I had never know defeat, I had never even imagined it possible so you can imagine what I went through after I died. I lost it, as in Dulla’s form I took the throne of the Ascen as carried on the war, I wanted revenge so badly that I pushed on, my son had a level 8 core, so he was much more suited for me. I fought her in his body what felt like a hundred times, and I never beat her, not once. we tied many time, but I never tasted defeat. I started to admire her. 

She was perfect in every mana possible, the ultimate warrior, her skill and power were simply unmatched. She was one of a kind. It wasn’t her core type that made her powerful, but her very nature. I couldn’t stop myself as I feel for her. I even found out she fell for me, or my son I supposed. We actually understood each other to a point. She had great pressure from the war, from leading the Primals and holding them together. It was far too much, as she added how she was simply tired. 
I convinced her to leave it all and run away with me. Years of fighting and we went to be together after that. I left it all to go with her. I did live a good live, a great one in fact. We even had 2 children. But of course when I found out that their core types were Ascendent class. I just couldn’t stop, I needed to find out more, as I focused and trained my son Darkki, his ability to tunnel was far too much to not acquire. Of course Cith found out, and she nearly killed me, it was hard killing her. But it needed to be done. A shame to as I found out that she was actually helping the Wov and Osiro clans from within Orians. Planing on chaining it and ending the war and conflict from within. I was far amazed at this. So I even extended my teachings to my children, Noxa was far to valuable as a pawn and so Darkki, but I could do more with his power then Noxa. Funny enough it was that decisions, to leave him alone that might have been the true stroke of all of this. As you see he developed his ability and able to see and predict events to a limit. The Nexal and Ardent clans were born from that, from my need of those 2 as I decide to leave and find a way to seal and deal with Vraka and Selis. I traveled around in form after form. Between the Ascen, the Alma, the spirits and even the Primals at many stages. I had been on all sides through the centuries. I watched as Toma sent millions to the trail. I watched as Orian world became what it was. 
It was normal for me to come and use the Mana Academy as a base time and time. But I will admit that day still gives me goosebumps. The day the wheels of fate pointed to.” He paused as he looked at Minia and asked: “tell me, what do you think about Arai?” 
Mina was confused for a moment as she replied with a smile and a joyful tone: “Arai Nexal is the only woman whom I couldn’t ever acknowledge to be my equal in any regard. She is an interesting woman in all rights. 
You know I’m a brilliant woman, and that is a fact, I’ve been brilliant since I was born, I was exception, and everyone around me knew that. My mother knew that, my father even knew it, and I knew it. My core was rare and I was intelligent enough to comprehend my father’s work on gene and core manipulation at the age of 3. I was spectacular. Sofia knew it, as she removed me from the list to participate in the trail until I was older, cause of my rare core. My father was so jealous of me outshining him that he sent me to a dead end of a project, all cause he couldn’t acknowledge that I was better. But Arai, she was different. She matched me on every turn, she could almost tell what I was thinking before I did. Before long I found myself leaning on her, a prisoner, a woman from the Orians. Oh she was amazing. The work and ideas we completed were on a different class. Hope and Zoe were amazing to, I’ll admit, Hope’s knowledge on tools and skill with magic was incredible, and Zoe sense and mastery of technique and the body, was just amazing. But Arai, she was simply better… like a woman perusing perfection, turning all that she touched to gold, and making it shine as Gold. That is Arai Nexal. That is the only person whom I could ever talk to as an equal.” 
Aevum smiled as he added: “She has her eyes you know, she has the exact eyes as Cith. She even looks so much like her it’s scary. I first saw her after I took over the Grand Master of the Mana Academy, they were always my go to, when I was back in the land of Ascen, I saw her eyes as she entered the Academy. I was so shocked. The look of rage and anger at the world. But also the defiant nature to rage against it. I saw it then just like Cith. She almost felt like she was reborn again. Arai Nexal. Even know I can’t help but smile when I say that name.” Minia frowned as she asked: “Why is that you, you like her or something?” Aevum smiled he leaned in on Minia: “Not in the way your thinking, besides I don’t its a good idea for anyone to pursue that woman, after all se turned her love into a cage, a literally cage enslaving a tool, that thinks its a man. 
You know before taking the body of Alex, I had the fortune of being a close companion to her, and I learned a lot, especially on that little toy that calls itself Irane Kazemi. I must admit I have seen a lot, but that think, its on a different class. I saw him kill and remake someone body in his body, I saw that man move a fetas from one womb to another. I’ve been watching Arai, Hope and Zoe, and we also have had the honour to see Aliya on display… you what to know the crazy part, the part that truly terrifies me is that everyone even you looked at him as though he was some man, I mean you even tried to marry that thing. Come now, we all have to come and accept that, that is no man, you all removed the man from that mind, all that remains is a broken mind forced to pretend to be a person because you ordered him to be a man. The Champion, honestly I do feel bad for the power thing. 
I had a talk with it, it sounded to human that it terrified me, but there was something off about the way he spoke, the way he moved, and acted. It was almost like every move was calculated, preset. Even though he didn’t realise he was moving in a preset manner. It truly is a wonderful machine. I mean it even figured out how to make children. And normal children at that. Truly marvellous. I marvelled at what you all were able to create with him, even now I wonder just what kind of man he was ‘Z’ to allow himself through that. Well it doesn’t matter, Arai help me and you can have your little toy back, as well as the children that came from him and you. They are all yours.” 

Minia took a breath as she collected herself from all he had juts showed her. She took a moment as she looked on at him: “So if Issac is step 1, what is step 2?” Aevum smiled as his gaze shifted to the a map of Orians: “I told you, I had a desire to unite all the Orians, and even the Primals. That dream has not died, all that has changed is the form I will use to overtake this world. I want to ensure that Issac’s core is atleast level 8 for my plans. Level 8 by that time, we must have full control of Orians, we will being them together under 1 name, one being. Issac has the blood or both More and Vane in his veins. He is special in all rights. And he will be the one to conquer the world.” 
Minia nodded as she noted: “So you want my help to make his core grow, and im assuming that you didn’t just ask me cause of my record, you asked me and also gave me full control over Irane Jr. meaning your plan is to make use of Irane Jr, to make Issac stronger? Or am I wrong?” Aevum looked on as he replied with a lighter tone: “I don’t believe that Irane jr. is a normal child, I believe that Kazemi son is far more then we know, so him being around for Issac will allow him to have a challenge to overcome and to aim to overcome. A younger brother who desires to overcome his older brother. But only time will tell if it come out well.” Minia looked as she asked: “Do tell, where do I stay in this new unified empire of yours?” Aevum smiled as he replied: “That all depends on what you achieve for me…” 
He placed his hand on her as a mark appeared on her hand. This seal is a curse, you could say that it ensures that you won’t betray me. It will kill you if ever find it in your core to deny me. I plan on making you a queen, a true queen in my new empire. One who has all she desires. And all I require is you, I require your ability and skill to make that dream a reality. So what do you say.” Minia looked at Aevum as she added: “And I get full reign to do whatever I want with Irane Jr. not even Ember can get in my way?” Aevum nodded as he added: “yes, but do also be smart. I don’t fear her find out, but if Kazemi finds out…” Minia nodded: “yes I get it, all hell will break lose… no don’t worry. I won’t overdo it.” Aevum smiled as Minia stood up and went her knew and bowed low, he still held her and as she kissed, a sign of submission, in all rights as Aevum smiled as he added: 
“I will give you knowledge and information, access to spells and magic that are considered mythical. I will give you knowledge that Arai wishes she could have, I will offer It all to you as a special cherry on top.” She smiled as Aevum spoke:
“Good, we have much to do, so much work indeed!” 

The Primals were dealing with the new Ferali and Celestial beings now but it was clear that this was a greater problem as the tide of the war against the humans suddenly changed over night. The humans struck 3 major points at once and took the lives and destroyed the facilities of the Human leaders. It was clear that was different when the leaders of the Oba and Long clans were killed in the attacks. Then the leader of the Rongo house. It was a decisive strike as the humans were now a lot stronger. Far stronger than before. It was clear that the humans had found a way to turn these new Ferali and celestials into their Beasts and Tools and it was a game changer. The humans who were nothing more then a pests where now putting up a actual fight, and with the Primals having their forces separated into many groups found themselves unprepared as house Ouraborus was annihilated as well we house Waken. They had target not just the heads of the families but their bloodlines too. It was a clear message. As though Crimi was saying: “We can fight you to, and even those with special tools and beast aren’t on our class. We are a threat!” This was a clear problem as they lost 5 of their best warriors as well as thousand of elite warriors in those surprise attacks. They were hit hard indeed. It became a major problem. The situation was become more and more unruly with the humans and the new so called kazemi-Vethara or Kathara, as they started being called as soon level 7 and 8 became more or less common place which made it pure hell for them. The humans who also seemed to master the use of them weren’t free as the Kathara raged through many areas of the world. They became know with different classes. Level 8 were on a different class wholy. The issue was the fact that level 5 was the base, and the majority of them were that level. A human would get an instant level 6 core with just a being in them. 

The Orians also suffered the same fate specifically from the Kathara. But it was a different situation for them. They were actually attacked form the Southern city were Axola used a forbidden Weapon, now the bomb was designed with Life/Death-Space and Time Magic, with Energy added for correction. It was a weapon that was designed to use Ascended elements to wipe all things, and cause a mana storm that would kill all in the area. The issue was they launched the Bomb(Assist with a name please), detinated on the places as the Apexina’s (Aliya, Summari, Nighla, and Assa and DOkia all worked to get the three Valariya to grow. The main tree actually remained as the technique connected its root network with the main Tree in Kazemi’s Universe and appeared out in Apexia though their connection. At the moment Paradise and the 4 cities are in the space which is a different spacial realm, a place where Kazemi’s Universe merges with Limbo, which is why it was un-inhibitable. Now the Tree was connected to the portal completed in the city to Limbo and it survived the exposion, it didn’t just survive but it all brought in Kathara from Limbo though the tree, causing the whole southern area and region to be infested with these creatures. The Tree itself became a new creature, a new class of Vathara of level 10 which was both a combination between Ferali and Celestial, and acts as the main point, summing and adjusting the Vathara that it made and improved to battle and kill in that region., When the smoke cleared it was a terrifying site as a Forset and Biome of pure death appeared, a place where Truly monstrous creation form this Tree with was latter called the tree and realm of Hvergelmir, one that made monsters. Ferali and Celestials of a far more deadly state to live and thrive in this place. The worse part was what is did to people. 
Hvergelmir wasn’t just able to summon and alter Vathara from Limbo, it was able to also change the Alma and Spirits, as it was able to effect and change the normal Ferali Beasts and Celestial Tools they had. It was a purely unnatural state, as they were forced to turn into their demon or angles form. 
Now even the Ascen were absorbed and changed and theirs was more direct, as they altered to pure elemental being, Not a Demon, or Angle but more a creature of pure mana with a core. The most terrifying aspect of the Vathara was simply how they assimilated poeple. Earth and Orian’s were being struck. Now for the Orinas, it was one location as the whole south region was consumed by the new creatures and even terraformed. But it was an isolated incident, one area where they came from. While Primals and humans faced them from all Angles. This was the current state of the 2 worlds as Limbo was unreachable. 

We see this as both Primals and Orians see and blame Irane Kazemi for this, stating that he is trying to end them. The Orians specifically note it as the work of Arai. Her rather and anger remembered well now this new threat was seen as her still tormenting the Orians. 
It was at this time that the news reached Alex as the spies from Orians were finally able to get communication and send their reports through. And Alex was overwhelmed with a sense of unmatched joy. At one specific entry of the reports: “Azen Lucerne who now wielded the Beast Vraka was killed by Zoe Navar, and Elorah Seraph who was wielding the Tool Selis was killed by Hope Apolo. Then Niro Vane and Tunde Ardent is considered missing from the assault as well as massive damage reports. The info on how Arai spoke before all the Ascen and declared her hatred for Aevum, (after Niro had told her she was nothing more than a pawn), and how she got a way to destroy all the major cities, and towns with historical significance to Aevum. But the death count is what shocked him as he saw that no one died directly on the assault, all were claimed to be saved my Niro and Tunde as all reported on hearing the voice of Niro as the special tunnels formed all around them.
At this information, in a room alone with Minia, she saw the man smile, he had a smile that would have seen far to monstrous for that face, she thought. In that moment Alex ordered Minia to get Ember and Irane Jr.: “It was time to begin Minia, moving forward, we will do all we can to bring this world into my rule!” His smile didn’t fade, he stayed like that for some time. Only when Ember and Irane entered did he look serious. Ember knew what they wanted from them, they knew well they wanted use him in a way, but its the fact that they asked her to be there confused her. She was unaware of what was about to go in. 
Irane Jr. was just a young child around 5 years of age, but he was smart enough to understand and comprehend a lot. His intelligence was of a level close to a young teen, he was brilliant. A clear fact when he was next to others. His ability and aptitude was clear. He had been spend the last few months with his siblings, his younger brother and sister. Nevir Jr. was also around but he was caught up with the war as his age ment to attend classes and school especially in this time. He was around 10 years old and yet he was pushed to a different class of work. As he had a core of Life/Death, and Ascendent element he was seen as a valuable asset, especially since he was the sole son of Nevir Revyn. Currently the only of the Revyn clan to wield a Life/Death core at the current time. 
Irane Jr.(I-Jr. Or I-J as his friends call him) was confused as he was called in. Alex was with Minia as they stood before the child and his mother as Ember asked directly what the point of this was, what interest did they have. Alex was direct as he answered: 

“It’s very simple Ember, I simply wished to inform the child of his truth. A fact that you have kept hidden from him. Perhaps I am overstepping my boundary, but we are married Ember and I would much prefer for Irane Jr. to simply know the reality of his making and the truth about it all. In truth I could have done this without you. But I decided to ask you here to keep me honest. I don’t want to lie to boy.” Ember paused at Alex’s words, as she wondered what the best move was. But she knew she couldn’t disagree, she understood full well that the truth they wanted to reveal wasn’t for anyone benefit but themselves. She never wanted to reveal the past to him, believe it was to much for a child as Alex added: “He has the right to know the truth about his father… or maybe you prefer he lives the rest of his life in ignorance?” In that moment I-Jr spoke out: “What do you mean? What are you talking about. What about my father do you know?” There was a moment of silence as Ember’s expression to too a somber one as Nevir placed a digital mana-screen before Junior. It was the report written by Arai on Subject 888,888,888. The documented detailed multiple forms of info. Physical information, age, blood type, and more. It was detailed but the point that turned his eyes was the comment on how he protected woman. That was the stopping point as Minia started to speak: “Tell me Irane Jr. how much do you know about your father and sisters?” Junior looked up as he was confused: “My father is amazing. I never saw him sleep once, and he never complained either. He lived to tell a lot of jokes when I saw him… my dad is amazing! I heard he never lost a war, and that he was in many wars. He fought on the side of the Primals and even went on to take those who wanted to and build his own Empire. His the exact same as the man in the story of Kazemi. I would always hear it, the legendary story ” The body replied with glow in his eyes. Minia nodded as she replied: “Your father is indeed all of those things but so much more to…” In that moment they showed digital footage. It was old and clearly damaged as they showed a recording between Arai and ‘Z’ before the trial. It was a simple conversation, quick but it showed Arai as the monster to the boy as she cold laughed at the man as she completed her report. In that moment Minia added: “I won’t lie to you child. Your father was one of the people who were forced into an experimental procedure. The recent history of the Primals will tell you as much. The name Kazemi originated from what we refer to a Primordials, beings of pure mana. Kazemi was the name of the Primordial of the Universe and Spaces. He along side Gaia the Primordial of Life and Cronus the Primordial of Time. They all died at the hands of a being known as Mana. There is a lot to understand but to make my point. The Primordials were dead, but they returned. Gaia returned as the beast Mother Nature, while Cronus retuned as Father Time. The current tool of your mother. They became beings who still exist tot support us. The Orians have struck at us for years. The wars over the last Millennium, it has been pure hell. But we had one hope, one massive factor we needed. And that was Kazemi. The Trial to resurrect and bring back our hero reborn, destined to save all the Primals and Kill our greatest foes, the children on Mana, Vraka and Selis Arke. 
We primals sacrificed Millions of our dwindling numbers of our people but we did. Now what most don’t know is that we the Consa were trust to do more work on the project. As Toma and my father Namo worked on acquiring an army, I was tasked with awakening Kazemi. We captured some Orians to use in this work. And this lead to use meeting a woman named Arai Nexal… do you know anything about her?” 

The child shook his head: “No I don’t know who that is.” Minia nodded as she added: “I was head on the project, we found a way to add and allow normal humans to enter the trail. And Arai was the main person who took over. Your mother can tell you better than me who she truly is…” Minia looked on at Ember, with a light smirk, tell her to speak, and to make her choice. Ember looked at Minia with a dark stare, she knew she was being tested and what she said now would be all the most important as she spoke: “Arai Nexal… she was my teacher when I was a young child. She helped me find my footing, she was brilliant individual. But make no mistake Arai Nexal is a monster. A monster who only cares about her goals. She’s a woman who had no hesitation in using the cores of those closest to her to complete her work. 
I was also taken from Orians when the Primals struck but I was taken by the human resistance. And that’s were I met your father. He was a regular man from the resistance, a normal human being who just did all he could to save as many as he could. They used to make jokes about how he was so unwanted that even death rejected him. He always had this smile and gentle way, he was a good man in all rights, someone who helped me more then anyone else…” She had a genuine smile of bittersweet look on her face, all saw it, especially I-Jr. He saw the expression, the smile that seemed out of this world in that moment. Then it changed to one of pure sadness then anger as she continued: 
“I always assumed she was dead, that Arai, Hope, Zoe and even Mira were dead. Until I saw them again and they were no prisoners, no they were working side by side with Minia, with the Primals to complete their work and cruel experiments on people. But there was one fact that was clear. They were no prisoners but free… but we can get more info from Minia there!” There eyes shifted to her as Minia continues: “Trust me, they helped out of their own free will, and in truth we simple work on the Kazemi project as a side project. They helped me and I helped them. But they were free and it pains me to admit this, I wasn’t the ring leader, Arai was the one who’s work we focused on, and Arai changed it from a simple sacrifice to a game, she worked on Billions of different Impossible arts, and sent them into the trail.” 
In that time she showed a video of Arai, Hope and Zoe planing on the impossible arts and adding to people. She made sure to hide herself, as she was never really part of that. Even removing the fact that she forced Hope and Zoe to work through extortion. 
Minia continued as Ember eyes raged as they showed different images of hundreds of people screaming for a moment before dying and it showed the empty careless expression on Arai, Hope and Zoe’s faces making sure not to show Minia. And this worked to make Embers blood boil with rage as she looked on it, thinking of what felt like betrayal she felt and the pain of that day. Soon they showed ‘Z’, even footage from his time. as the footage cut. The child paused as he looked at the image of his father and the man ‘Z’. They were similar indeed, it was clear this was the same face to a degree, just with more draconic features. 
Minia spoke: “Your father passed the trail, but I was naive in believing that Arai had no other plans. That is until me, your mother and Pandro worked on him to understand how he works, because Arai did something to him. She placed a seal on him using her own core, as well as the cores of Hope and Zoe. Why don’t you explain more Ember?” Again in the spot light, it was a though she was on trial, being put on the spot as she continued: “After the incident… I work with Minia and Pandro to break the seal and to also understand what occurred to him. We worked for years as I figured out that there were special points on his body, that had a different mana signature, in his mind was Arai’s mana, in his heart was Hope’s and in his neither region was Zoe’s. His body was a cluster of those three modes. And in that we created a way, a way to awaken him. He was simply frozen for years and we woke him up. We awakened him. Using the very mana from Arai, Hope and Zoe who were unconscious after what occurred to your father…” In that moment Alex spoke: “Are you sure they were inactive?” There was a sudden pressure in the room as even Minia looked on at Alex with confusion. In that moment Alex glanced at Minia as he asked: “Tell me Minia, do you know who Cai Consa truly was?” Minia looked at him confused as even Ember and I-Jr were confused looking at Minia, drawn to her by her reaction as Alex spoke with a serious expression showing and displaying a report of Cai Consa with a timeline. She appeared to join in the Consa for 5 years as Alex explained: “Minia, I want you to understand that you might not have all the answers, you see Cai was in-fact Arai Nexal! Well to be more precise, she was a human-core construct formed by Zoe Navar, as she infiltrated your compound for 5 years. Until she switched the form to be controlled by Arai Nexal for the next 5 years, and then moved to Hope Apolo for the last 5 years!” Minia eyes widened at the mention at all those names, and the timelines and ow it all fit together, she created different sitations in her mind where this information was true, as she put the pieces together as Alex added: “I want you to note specifically on the date that I’ve confirmed. You see you may think you were in control but look at all the connections to Cai. 
Oh forgive me Ember, I’m sure you may not know this but Cai was an exceptional woman who was the one of Minia’s most loyal and trusted agents, in the Primals. She was in fact the woman who created Consa soldiers with Tools and Beast from Kazemi himself. She found a way to weaponise him and make him create them for her students. I’m sure you’re familiar with one of her best creation. Aliya Hallow, the one who killed your sister and is now currently known as Aliya Nexal, the daughter of Arai Nexal…” 
Minia expression shifted to be a more shocked expression which seemed to switch slightly between confused, and angry at a realisation, as though she was both process and accepting the reality of those words in one and her emotions were bare. Even I-Jr. Looked on confused but he started to understand more based on the reactions in the room. The pure reactions were clear as Alex continued: “Aliya Hallow the one who killed you sister Ember and your Aunt Junior. And if you want further proof, I would like to point to your children Ember, Minia… And all they represented. Minia when you lost your control over him was the same day you feel pregnant, which is funny enough considered to be a few moments right after Ember. Well that was all part of the plan as well.” Aevum now looked back as he remembered his time as Simon. When he thought of all Arai revealed and all he confirmed. As he continued: “You see my dear Irane Jr. right next to me is the dear old mother of your elder sisters Summari and Nighla, Minia Consa is their mother. And I believe it was all orchestrated purely for the current events of Today!” As he said this a new document and screen appeared as saw footage of the event on Orians when Arai destroyed all the Capital cities and major points in Orians. They saw it all and even her words, and the actions and movements of Minia, he didn’t notice his sisters as those armours morphed and were of adult size. Now this was new to both Minia and Ember whose genuine expression of shock and awe at the destruction they were witnessing came to clear view. This was old by this time, at least a month back as Arai’s smiling face at the destruction and all were unfolded as Alex spoke coldly: 
“So tell me son… Do you know why your father created the Apexian Empire?” The boy stood frozen as he looked on at the screens showing the destruction and devastation left in the wake of the battles between Azen and Zoe, Hope and Elorah and Arai rage at Aevum and all he stood for. Ember looked truly terrified as she watched her old home burn, even If she had no real pleasant memories there, it was a difficult sight to take in. Especially after the few battles they had against each other in the war. Minia was also frozen for a moment as she looked at the sheer scale of it all. She looked more amazed as the damage Hope inflicted in the city. 

Alex spoke on: “Arai has been playing and acting on a different scale while we were here. Your father son(I-Jr) is a slave, a man bound by them for their own desires. The worst part of it all are those who are in on it all. Mira and Pandro have all had a hand in your father’s mutilation and distortion. He is in all rights a man bound in all areas to obey. He will do all that requested of him by Arai. He created Apexia because Hope and Zoe desired it, and he conquered Vraka and Selis for Arai. He did it all for them. All for Arai… tell me Boy was there any time your father wasn’t working on that. He is not free and I can assure you now, Arai Nexal, is the person who is pulling his strings. And when she feels like he will point him our way, simply because she is that wrathful. This is a woman who can turn and act as a loyal slave for 5 years, while manipulating events to her advantage. 
Look now…” As images appeared of Aliya, Criya, and more. All were images of those who were in the war, the first war as it showed a record of all of Cai’s achievement in the war alongside Irane. All of Cai’s uint had a near perfect record. All the children and students whom she trained and survived the core human transfusion process and won. The sheer scale of her ability against her peers. And her records. This was far more than anything they could understand as Alex spoke: “I was in that war, on those battlefields. I was a person your father command Jr.. and I can assure you I always got my orders form 2 people: ‘Cai and Mira!’, they were the ones who were the closest to him, but Cai was the main person. They were so close that she was called the Empress, while they referred to Irane your father as the Emperor.” 

In that moment Alex showed the story made by Sofia. The full original script of it in its original form. He reconstructed it from having heard all of by Aliya on the island as Simon. The full book was before them all the original version, the pure version. I-Jr. Noted: “This is the same book my dad keeps by his main desk. I read a few pages once when we were sneaking around.” Alex seemed surprised for a moment but continued: “You see there is the best time story version and then there is this version, the original story in all its glory made by Sofia Prescian, the deceived wife of Pandro Prescian. I’m sure you know him and his children? 
Minia, do you see it now, the puzzle is complete, the spaces and movements. Did you really think you simply chose to order him to be the Champion? Well this is the very book that Irane Kazemi read after you gave him that order, this is the model at which he has based his model. Pandro Prescian for you information Junior is also the younger brother of Minia, and a student of Arai Nexal. He was worthless until Arai helped him awaken his ability, look at him now. He even saved the lives of your younger sisters after your mother aborted them! He saved them even though his life would be lost, and he would succeed and even live on to carry on serving.”
There was a slow echo in the room as the silence feel changed. Minia felt her world and ideals change as she started to question, everything. Every act and every idea she had had. She started to lose it as all her decisions came into questions. “For how long, for how long has she been using me…” The images of Cai by her side became so much darker. All the times she images Arai was lying in her bed, shifted as she realised she was always behind her. She was there. In that moment Minia genially lost it as the simple realisation sank in: “Was all of it planned? Was all of truly her all along.” Alex stood up now as he walked to junior as she spoke: 
“I know I have no right to admit this, but I did order my sister to infiltrate the Apexian Empire, and when it seemed clear how dangerous of a place that was I had her bring you back. That place is filled with nothing but people who are under the spell of Arai. Right now I want you to take your time and make a choice, to leave them in control of your father, or help me in saving our people, the people of earth, the Primals. The people of your father’s home, the humans. Help us so we can finally save your father. Who has done so much for the Primals. Let us save the core of kazemi and let us free your father from them.” 
There was a sad expression on Alex’s face as he walked out the room leaving the info and files in full view. Ember watched as I-Jr moved closers and examine the information and looking in more detail and all the info presented. In that moment Minia left the room frustrated as she ran and caught up with Alex: “Why… why didn’t you tell me sooner about this, why wait until now?” Alex looked back as the space around them shifted as his voice changed to Aevum: “if there is one thing I have learn, is never lie to Irane Kazemi, in any way. That boy may seem ordinary to you but he is 5 and I can assure you he comprehended all we just said perfectly. Not only that he can use level water magic, yes I trained with him and he can currently use level 4 water magic.” There was a shocked expression Minia’s face as Aevum turned and looked her right in the eyes: “Your weakness is your inability to accept reality and to overestimate yourself. Up until you met Arai you were in all rights the top dog. The Alpha. The best in every field. Intelligence and combat, ability and skill. You were the full package. But there 2 simple aspect that you lack that will always keep down! The simply first is that you think your the equal of Arai Nexal when in fact you are no where near her level. You like to think you came up with the Mana Saturation technique, but in fact it was a naive idea that Arai perfected for her own means. For the seal she was creating. You like to delude yourself into thinking you’re on Arai’s level, when in truth you are simply another student in the classroom she is teaching. The war has shown it time and time again how even Hope is a match for you. In both combat and strategy, in fact I would argue that she is a vastly superior combatant than you. You need to accept the reality that in those 5 years you went to her for help and assistance more than ever before. Your breakthrough and accomplishments, where nothing but a side project for her. You know I looked at those documents on Arai’s work, and it was all based on the seal. Physical ingraining of mana on a human form, then having them take the trail. Then I looked at all those 1 Billion Impossible spells. You know what I discovered, each and everyone of them may have looked like a mix of different spells and techniques marked into one, but it was far more complex than that. 
She was working on the seal and how to perfect it, that is what Irane Kazemi truly is, I suspected he was nothing more than a machine designed to store and seal cores. But he is so much more. She placed her actual core in his mind. The whole time you believed he was under your control, he was simply looking to complete the seal. You know that much as I that she was always the one in control, you used her power to control him, not your own. And the second aspect your missing and this one is far more brutal is you inability to accept reality. Its one think to assume your equal to Arai, but it is a whole different problem when you don’t even know how to look yourself in the mirror. You will never be the equal to Arai while you still hold such a narrow mind view. Such a selfish and one dimensional view of things. You only see yourself and refuse to see the whole. Cith and Arai both had the same expression, the same drive and hatred of the world. They both lived in situations beyond hell. You? You lived in daddies lab and the moment you got on his bad side he locked you up instead of throwing you away. You will never be like those 2 woman. And that ultimately is why you’re ultimately inferior to Arai in all rights. Know your place Minia Consa. Know it well, otherwise the next time you think you’re looking at an equal, you won’t notice the monster behind you.” At those words Minia feel to the floor and screamed out with all she had, her mana pulsed through the whole building as her world felt like it shattered. At the same time Irane Jr. was going through the files in faster order and cataloging the info. The speed at which he was reading seemed impossible as Ember noticed sands of tears falling on the sides of the boys face as she embraced him in sorrow and remorse for her part in all this, in revealing the truth she truly wanted to hide from him, he simply looked on as even his mothers arms or Minia’s mana stopped him.

The day passed as Minia was in her lab looking at the old records and data from her time with Arai, as I-Jr. Walked in, he seemed to have been crying as he noticed the marks under Minia’s eyes. There was a silence as the boy spoke to her…

The days passed as Irane Jr. would start to spend more time around Minia. Alex noticed with a smile how differently Minia was acting now as he noted to himself: “There truly is always a bigger fish out there. No matter what, but one aspect I find funny is how much that woman hates me… reminds me of Cith so much. Arai Nexal… if I believed in reincarnation I would swear you were Cith reborn. Maybe you are, you are far too similar. Though I wonder what your little toy will do… these monsters these Vathara coming at us, how sure are we that it’s not you. After all Irane Kazemi is nothing more than a machine who obeys only Arai. I wonder if she truly comprehends what she is, nothing more than a place holder, until I have Arai by my side. The empire, we will forge together would be perfect. Oh I can see it it now.” Aevum said as he looked at the sun rise in the horizon, the golden colour reminded him of Irane as he noted: 
“Once I have Arai, I will also have Irane Kazemi, once I acquire Arai… then I will truly have everything… No not yet, there is no need to rush. After all we must still plan for the future to come. I wonder what kind of child will come from a womb that housed the true first born children of Kazemi? I wonder if the same flowers will bloom in the same soul the father sowed his seeds in? Ember can no longer have any more children. And I would like to see if the child will be like his first 2. Irane was truly protective of them. Far more than of Ember and his son. Clearly they outrank him, and that is clear by the fact that he seems so weak. Still I musn’t leave this chance behind. The child he will have with Minia might be the next true children perfect for my true empire. I already see how ember gave me a son like Issac. Even Artemis is a rare core indeed, it’s so usual for her to have a pure Light-Darkness core. She was so close, but still there is a high chance that her children will have children with my core type. Maybe… we will keep her close just in case. 
Forst things first. Its time…” 
Aevum stretched his arms wide as he looked at the sun with a smile: 
“It’s time to stop playing around, I’ve had my fun teasing the waters, and testing my forces. In truth I only let Minia order the army so could evaluate it all from the side. Though I still hate the fact that I couldn’t get the best from Arai in this war. I still got more than I needed. Now it’s time I took. Enough playing around. I hope your proud Toma More, your son will be seen as a conquer. He will be the one who builds the road that leads to the throne that unifies the world. Look down on your son in joy. As he conquers the world!” It was time for him to act directly and Aevum was about to show his true understanding of war, battle, people and large scale conflicts, He was about to bring the world under him. That was the plan but the Kathara proved to be a true headache as they seemed to have endless numbers. Soon new class of angles and demons. More and more humans were no being takes and merged by the Vathara and a new monstrous enemy emerged. 
There was a genuinely terrifying aspect of these Kathara, one the Orians were learning at the same time. Kathara who take human form are far more monstrous then they could have ever understood. As they were unaware that 2 level 9 Kathara were in the process of merging with humans hosts, 2 very young children a Boy by the Fearli and a Girl by the celestial. As we see that these 2 children were being hunted from the get go, these 2 level 9’s were looking for the perfect humans hosts to clash with one another as they did. 
And as we know when a Core enters a human form the power of that core is amplified by 1 level. As now these 2 monsters reawaken in their new forms as Monsters similar to Vraka and Selis. But also very different in all rights. They were younger, by a large margin. Though this treat would be unseen for some time. 

Back in Apexia. They also had a Kathara issue. But theres was far, far more dire as the mana storm formed 10 Primordial elemental forms. Each was a mass of pure mana of one of the elements: Fire, water, Earth, Air, Ice, Electricity, Nature, Energy, Light and, darkness. They weren’t the same ones the others were dealing with, no these were pure elemental forces of a class 10 mana level. They were beasts and tools merged as the reports showed how each one had a pure fire core and a conceptual nature (Fire; Harmonic/Chaos-Light/Darkness, for the fire elemental) They were a new class of being in all rights pure elementals forces, moving all around Apexia all moving to Paradise. Each was swarmed by level 5 to 6 Beasts and Tools of pure fire nature as their mains. All the beast each all had the main elements around, and there was many level 7 and 8 as wells first 2 level 9 around. This was a horrific situation in all regards as the advance all around Apexia moving closer and closer to the people all around. They came out of now where as the mana storm prevented the detection of all those massive mana points. It was billions of beasts and tools moving on. The Fire group turned all their areas into ash and deserve, while burning the air itself. The water beast caused massive amounts of water to form, creating massive downing and flash flowing in the area. All of them affected the area with their elements the Earth beast caused the very each to shift and change into different matter, steal and properties, even diamonds and the lives, while Gail force winds flowed all around with the air elements. The whole region was freezing by the ice, and massive thunder and light storms were forming around as pure lighting moved about. A massive forest formed by the nature elementals. Now the last 3 caused massive different reaction as the pure light formed and was turning all it roundhead to nothingness with its light, while the dark one was consuming all that touched it, all entered and nothing left. The energy one was a being of pure anti-mature, was even contact with the matter in the air was cause massive amount of energy to be emitted destroying all things. These 3 were a class of a different threat. 
All panic all except Irane who at hearing simple sighed in what felt like he accepted a moment he knew was coming, The beinf leading them all he called Alpha-Omega’s a class of being which is made of both Harmonic and Chaotic energies. “I’m sure those elemental beings were the first ones able to survive in their areas and mixed. The elements condensed to their primal forms cause of my mana and also sealed the mana’s of Vraka and Selis within, pure harmonic and chaotic magic. They were bound to show up, elementals. 

Irane looked on as he ordered: “Listen up, all Valariyan’s are to mobilise into their elemental class groups, I will designate a full leader now
- Fire: Konnar Neel (Fire+Earth)
- Water: Audis Prescian(Water) 
- Earth: Isoke Mvel: (Earth-Nature)
- Air: Aura Viel(Air-Light-Darkness){As Adri was not there at the time}
- Ice: Criya (Ice+Air+water)
- Electricity: Jade Alge(Electricity+Darkness)
- Nature: Assa Bloom(Nature+…) 
- Energy: Pandro Prescian 
- Light: Summari Kazemi
- Darkness: Nighla Kazemi
Listen well I gave im assigning you all to the same elemental group. The main reason is to contain. We need to handle fast and efficient. All elemental forces move.” All the Valariyan’s each had an elemental group based on their cores as all moved quickly. They moved with purpose and reason as if instincts of the war came in. They were used to war and battle and it showed. In that moment Zoe moved in as she asked if they could: “So, shall we also move out and deal with this to?” Irane looked on as she shock his head. No you all take a break for now, let us handle this. To be honest I was waiting for this…” 
Zoe was confused as Irane pulled a blade out and placed it on his side, in that moment Hope smiled as she added: “Your excited? Why?” Irane couldn’t help but admit he was excited as he noted: “This will be my first time using this body in combat. In truth I have memories, and I do have that centuries of practice. But it feels different now, more… real” he said with a smile: “I haven’’t gotten the opportunity to test myself yet, and I must admit it is exciting having Elementals to combat. I mean they’re what you consider level 10, and these ones a pure elementals. This isn’t going to be easy in any manner. And for some reason that makes me happy, it feel likes my heart is genuinely beating. Well I say that you have my heart don’t you. So is you who’s excited or me I wonder?” Hope smiled as she added: “Maybe I’m just excited to see you fight? Irane smirked for a moment as he looked at Hope who had a smile eched on her her face: “Would you like to come and watch front and centre? I promise it will be quite the show?” Hope laughed a bit as she took Irane’s hand. Zoe looked on as she asked again if she could also join as Irane coldly say no. It was direct as he walked away with hope. Arai laughed as she noted to Zoe: “You know, he may not seem like it but he is a saint teddy bear Zoe. If you want to be on his good side, then I suggest you apologies for all those things you said. It really got to him.” Zoe pouted as she noted: “Seriously, is this what we have to deal with now that he’s human?” She said annoyed as Arai laughed: “You really don’t get it do you? I want you to imagine for a moment, you meet a woman who is directly connected to your body. And she in all furry calls and insults you with words that truly do hurt. It’s not the words that hurt him Zoe, it’s that they came from you, from his own body in a way.” Zoe paused as she heard those words as she added: “Since when did you start comprehending emotions? Maybe the world has come to an end if your the compassionate and understanding one!” Zoe said as she walked away annoyed: “Arai looked on at the Valariyan’s moving to confront the enemy and she couldn’t help but not how well they were moving. Each component moving as needed, and working at a higher rate then expected is what’s she saw in the Valariyan’s. Truly masterful warriors as they rushed for battle. 

Hope noticed Irane had an instant change of cloths as he was wearing more lose and free fitting attire, tighting around his body in layers. No real armour, except it had a gleam finished, as Hope kept looked she replied that this was a tool as Irane spoke: “Its made form the scales of Enari, the skin he no longer needed and removed. Its makes for some great and free lose armour. Its not as hard or durable as armour like Sanctuary or even Re-Action, but it makes up for it by being able to channel mana and primally elements through it at a vastly higher and faster rate. It can shift and change, I update it every time Enari shads. It’s free and quick forming, able to switch styles instantly. Like having an outfit for all events.” Hope laughed as he explained, he was very proud of it based on how he spoke, no it wasn’t simply pride in his work, he was proud of the actual tool, each word of praise on it was genuine. Each comparison didn’t being his tool down, but reflected its uniqueness and ability. Hope laughed as Irane stopped speaking about it, he smiled as Hope noted: “you really do sound like a man who loves what he makes, but do tell what exactly is the plan here?” Irane smiled as he spoke: 
“So as you know I have 30 cores in total that are connected directly to my main core. They are what I like to call my special cores. Now as you know your cores never had beasts until Kazemi added them. But now my original 10 elemental cores don’t have a beast. All the other 20 cores have a beast and tool pair now. All set around the cores.
In that moment a Katana, Trident, Hammer, Shuriken, Spear, Bow, Staff, 3 Orbs(Energy-Light-Darkness, each). As Irane added: “Each of the tools you see before you are the original Elemental weapons forged Millons of years Ago. These are the 3 original Tools. The first tools that came from the forge. The first 10… can you imagine?” 
Hope again laughed at his excitement, her heart felt it well, how much he felt, being this close made it easy to tell, as he added: “Kazemi told me I am free to do whatever I want with these. I can alter it and make them better as I see fit. These weapons haven’t been updated in Millions of years, They were the foundation of the Forge. The first weapons ever made in them…
Hope reached out as she grabbed the Katana and saw the tools. History. She saw how it was forged, the process, and its components, as well as the millions of times this blade had been in the forge. How many time it was changed or rebuilt after it broke, and it was always better when it came out as she saw the blades memories. The Cuts and injuries it inflicted on Enari, and most of all he felt all the passion and all that 8 had placed in this weapon when it was made. He understood in that moment as she noted: “I think I understand your excitement, this truly is a one of a kind task, it must be an honour.” Irane stared at Hope while she admired the other elemental weapons. He pulled something from his pocket and hid it in his hand as he looked at Hope and spoke: “You know technically speaking, i haven’t used the Forge of Kazemi all that much. Iris is more of a store of holder, of a weapon, of a tool. But I need to make each and everyone myself. Every single one. You see this blade(He gestured to the katana around his waist). This was actually my first weapon I made myself in the Forge as I was mastering the art. It broke about 1,700,000 times before I got it right. It’s a simple blade, one that simply channels mana. Not all that interesting but it is linked to my core. But I only use this one in my human form when I’m not being serious. These elemental ones. 
In a moment Irane reached out his hand and placed it in Hopes as he placed the object in her hand. As Irane moved his hand away slowly Hope saw a heart which was misshapen, a small little wobbly heart, of pure golden colour as Irane spoke: “This blade was my first weapon, that was the very first thing I ever forged after I learned the basics. I was told by Iris that I wouldn’t get a second chance and that it would be not be altered ever, I was so disappointed when I looked at it, it felt like a reminder of all the mistakes I made. It felt heavy around my neck as a wore it. It wasn’t until after all of that, after I made this weapon, and it finally passed That I saw the true beauty of that heart. It wasn’t a symbol of failure, it was a sign of where I started and how far I’d come.” 
Hope moved to place the pendent back in his hand, Irane was confused as he wondered if it was to forward as he turned to see Hope moving her hair out the way and waiting. Irane took a second as he placed it around her neck. It had the words Hope lives while your heart beats. It was small but clearly visible with her eyes. She smiled at it as she asked: “Any particular reason you forged a heart?” Irane moved back as he looked at her and chucked: “I made a promise to myself a long time ago, that if my heart ever stopped beating then that was it, it is over, Even If I could get a heart transplant, I wouldn’t accept it, not at all. The day my heart stops beating is the day I die and that is it! So it was ment to symbolise that. 
My mind is always active and so Is my body. But nothing makes me feel more alive than feeling my heart beating. The sensation of it pulsing and beating is just far too much not to enjoy. It’s a real issue cause I end up smiling each time. The harder my heart pumps the more I smile. There are many things that do the job, but nothing gets my heart pumping like a fight, like a challenge, a battle is where I can truly let my core shine. There just no feeling like it Hope. Non at all!” The words felt different, as in that moment the Jet moved to positions as they moved though to cut right into the hoard of Kathara. The was a blazing sight, as it became clear why all the Valariyan’s were separated as they did, as it would be nearly impossible for a person of a different nature to face this things. The plane moved in as the pilot noted Hope: “Please take a seat and enjoy the show. To be honest I’m honoured to be the one who gets this job, it allows me to watch lord Irane up close and in person.” Irane laughed as he looked at Hope, me moved closer as he bowed down to one knee and kissed her hand: “I hope my lady that you find the following battle entertaining!” In that moment he jumped out as he feel right down.

Irane felt the right if wind right into his face as his outfit didn’t cover his face. He made no rush as spoke: “iris, are you active?” Iris responded: “Sir, yes sir. The Tools are set for your use. Do you have a request?” Irane smiled as he noted: “Set: One element and one tool. I want to only have access to the elemental weapon that matched the beast I’m fighting… Lock Elemental core mono.” Iris laughed as she locked the Blade Pyrus for the battle.. The Katan of fire. “Enari lock to dragon mode. We won’t be holding back on this, we’ll give it as much as we need. I want to test myself against all 10 of them. Summari and Nighla won’t last long against those light and dark elementals. But still we will move in order, fire, water, earth, till darkness.” Enari smiled as he roared in joy: “Lets get this party started!” He assumed his main Loong Dragon form as Irane actives to 16%. 

In a moment the was surrounded by a whirlpool of fire all round him as his clothes took a deep fire red with the gold adding in to form changing flames of color. His hair was fully Flame red and gold raging through,: “Kazemi Flame-Art: All consuming Fire!” He roared as he pulled his Katana- Pyrus. As a massive wave of fired roared through asborming most of the flame beasts and tools. he needed to up his percentage as he reached 35% reaching the level 6 and 7 beast and Tools. He charged through with no hesitation, cutting through them all with a fire of greater intensity. He used 40% to deal with the level 9, and as he reached the pure elemental he was already at 45%. Thier power was a totally different scale as it moved and changed forms. It moved around creating and reforming itself. The whole region was turned to a wasteland of molten rock. He rampaged forth as they clashed for a long. Irane took a massive wound as he barried his blade near its core and pulled all the pure fire mana within the blade and sealed it into his blade which at the moment was housing his fire core. He left the blade barrier deep there as he left Konnar and the rest inchrge of the cleanup and as he rushed to the next battle with the water beast using his Aquila. All the fights were all set around the larger region of Apexia as the whole places felt like whole regions, continent worth of land was altered by the wave of mana unleashed from the kathara. 
Each of these clashes took substantial amount of time and energy but he moved through each one, with a massive smile. He took injury after injury, but inly kept to the main elements. Sealing them all one by one by one. It was a hellish time as they all fell one by one and sealed around the elementals cores and weapons. Each once left where they were defeated. The ones that took the longest were the last 3, energy, light and darkness, simply due to how hard it was to pin them them. He was at 49% for these. It was a truly tough battle as they all settled down in Orians. Irane returned exhausted beyond measure as the chaos around Apexia ceased. At each of the locations he left his weapons there which now held and sealed the Primordial elemental Kathara. 

The conflict took days, as each one was a mini war in all rights. Irane was covered in injuries and bruises in all places. And his mana was nearly depleted, but he smiled. He seemed overjoyed in all rights and respects. The smile of a man who simply had the time of his life. He moved to Sethia as the commotion settled. Hope was by his side as he returned
“Tell me, was it entertaining? He asked with a bloody smile and leaning on Hope for support as she noted: “Yes, it was but I must admit you surprise me. Your daughters are in critical condition yet you don’t seem all that concerned?” Irane spoke with pure confidence: “They’ll be fine… Dokia will make sure they’re back to full health so don’t worry. It’s easier for her to work on Summari and Nighla than actually people. In truth even I feel worried having to see her, but I won’t complain. She an heal one based on the number of cells damaged, she has a technique where in her tapping into my Will of death, is able to fully restore the dead or injured cells thought out the body, the only issue is that one has to experience death in order for it to work. Most people can’t handle even dying 1 now imagine billions of times over. Dokia can control it so she can just restore the cells of the most critical locations in the body, the only issue is that she tends to over do it, so its in fact absolute hell in all forms.” 
Hope’s eyes widened in terror as she asked: ‘So they’re gonna experience dead billions of time over?” Irane chucked at the concerned voice of hope: “Don’t worry, they comprehend life and death in a far deeper respect then use. For them the death of a cells is not death. they fully grasp that. Their in a way immune to her cores mental affects on people. They just find it annoying and painful is all.” He said as Zoe who showed from the hospital noted: “True, but thankfully this time I was around so there was no need for them to die to many times.” Irane looked on as he was silent for a moment.” Zoe approached as she asked: “would you like me to tend to your wounds?” Irane with straight voice moved off of Hope as he started to wobble away: “No thank you, I prefer to let my body heal naturally when possible.” Hope noticed the shift in his demeanour as he walked of. Zoe also seemed off as Hope spoke: “I never took you for the Prideful time Zoe…” As she said that Zoe clicked her tongue as she walked in the direction Irane went. He was in his person room removing his cloths to clean his wounds as Zoe crashed thought. 

The injuries were bad, as she looked on at his torso, broken ribs, internal bleeding and torn muscles all over his body. In truth he was actually more injured them Summari and Nighla but he was staying up through pure Will. As Zoe rushed to him. She forced him to sit as she applied healing magic though her mana on him. Irane didn’t move or object, he honestly couldn’t as he looked on at Zoe’s face which was strained. There was a loud silence in the room until Zoe spoke softly and gently: 
“I’m sorry… I know what I said when we first met was uncalled for, and you were right, I was naive for expecting all of the Alma I sent her to be good for the Empire. I was naive in all rights. I’ve done horrible things, horrible irredeemable things. I keep Dokia alive for years which status magic cause I simply couldn’t accept her dying, the last bit of my master leaving me. I killing millions of Humans in that lab and at some point became so numb to it all. After seeing millions of people die before me, something seemed to have died. My words to you were unwarranted and unfair. You never had a choice… I did and that’s why I’m sorry Irane…” Zoe didn’t look at his face as she focused on his body, and repairing as a short since feel at her last words. 
Irane’s voice came though cutting through the silence: “I wasn’t offended at the words. I know full well what I am, and I know full well what atrocities were committed by this form… by Kazemi before I took over, those memories are very present in my mind, I see them all like distant thoughts and feelings. You weren’t wrong, the sad reality about it is that you were fully correct. All I need is a simply command and I would commit acts and atrocities with no hesitation. Killing, and burning people alive, torturing and destroying all in my path. Even enslaving all those before me. I would be able to do it with no issue. I’m simply one order away from doing all of it. And the worst part is how I wouldn’t even feel bad… not one bit. I feel so much, all of my peoples thoughts and feelings, all the Valariyan’s opinion of me, and what I am. Most see me as true apex being, while few see me as a God. But none see me as a man. None of them see the human and even I don’t see it sometimes. I am supposed to be the emperor made human. His Will reborn as a man. I’m supposed to be the one who understands people and man. People can only be lead by other people. Mortals must be lead by mortals. Empires for men, must be built by the hands of man, under to command of a man. That is what Kazemi said, and that is what he said I was. I can anything for my people. Whether its killing the babies of my enemies, to enslaving their woman and children for my own needs. No matter my moral beliefs on the matter, if it is needed for the empire, then I will do it with no hesitation!” 
Zoe paused for a moment at his words, they were heavy with his tone as She placed her hands firm on him: “tell me something I told you to kill a million people how would you do it?” Irane was silent for a moment then he answered: “That depends on, are you ordering me to kill a specific race of people, a specific group, and is there conditions that need to be met for the kills. I mean I would simply end them with an explosion powerful enough to end them all swiftly, unless that isn’t the objective Again it all depends…” 
Zoe interjected: “Fair, but tell me now, those Elemental Alpha-Omega’s you captured, what do you plan to do with them? Will you kill them, enslave them as pets and use them or just set them free?” Irane moved back on his chair as he spoke: “I won’t kill them… Their just children, babies that don’t know anything, born in a storm of deep and saturated mana, faced to evolve and become what they are. They didn’t move towards Paradise because they were hostile, they did it because they simply sensed a large source of pure mana and wanted to absorb it. Like a call back home. Children will always move towards what made them, and Paradise is the place with the most saturation and concentration of Kazemi’s mana outside of me. So it was like a call for them. 
All I did with them, is the same thing which was done to you all, I simply took their cores and placed my elemental cores within them. They won’t form like you guess, they’ll be more intelligent beings sure, but they will still retain the nature. They are like beasts, animals with a consciousness and will, and now all I did was bound that will to my cores. They are no extensions of me, plus notice how all the beasts and celestials stopped advancing when their masters were stopped. They stopped because I gave them access to Kazemi’s mana. Moving forward we will simply watch them… and allow them to live as we live for them. Apexia isn’t just a place for humans, apexian or orians, no it is a place that welcomes all. These are Kathara of Apexia, and as much as this is out home, it is also theirs, so we won’t remove or kill them, but live with them, in this place we all call home!” Zoe laughed a bit as she added: “And who told you to do that? What order does that fulfil?” In that moment Irane’s move from staring at the ceiling to looking at Zoe as she also looked for a moment: “Don’t you think pets make a home a far better place?” Zoe laughed a bit at that as she nodded in agreement. In a moment she moved her hands away as all his wounds were healed, but some scares remained as he she looked a bit sad. Irane’s voice was low and calm as he stated; “Thanks for leaving the scars… they show life and experiences.” He pointed towards a claw mark on his stomach. Enari was the first being to injure me, and this was the only injure I ever had for some time, I healed it naturally as he stated, some scares are just worth keeping, he was a monster who enjoyed inflicting as much main on me as I learned about beasts and forming them. My scares tell a story, and each one is proof I’m alive, a reminder of my encounter with another being.” Zoe was silent for a moment as tears started to stream down her face as she asked directly: “Am I a bad person, Am I evil… you said you created this place to be a home, a home should have room for all, for everyone, so why does it feel like more people have died to make this place a home yet… yet I still feel like its unfair, why do people need to die, just for living, why do people have to fight and kill each other? I know its rich coming from me, but I wish no one needed to die, no one at all…” 

There was sorrow in her words as her voice was breaking as she cried out, in that moment irane placed his hands on her face, and moved the tears with his thumbs, he leaned his face closer to her with a purely serious expression as he spoke: “Kill or be Killed, everyone has a reason to fight, and in most cases the reason varies: Land, territory, religion, pity, anger and more… but in many cases most people enter war because they felt threatened, their way of life, the future of the children. Take the your side for instant. The Navar and Apolo clans were clans that sided with the Wov and Osiro clans, clans that wanted to save their people, but they were hunted down instead. If someone came to you and stated that Vraka and Selis were gods, and their savours who helped the Alma and Spirits by granting them power to live, most people won’t change from that. Do you think your enemies see your point of view, do you think their reason for killing is any less noble from yours. Fight or Die, Even if it’s for something minor, people will fight to ensure that their beliefs and way of life are maintained. You ask why people die, because we can never truly understand one another, and because of that we fight, we are manipulated to fight on. Tell me Zoe how long until the Apexian empire turns on itself, or breaks out. Say in the future when I am dead, and Summari and Nighla are in charge, imagine if they disagree and cause a civil war within Apexia, which side would you take, could you even pick a side, if both sides truly believe themselves to be right. what will you do, stand back and watch it all burn, or interject? Stop both sides and reunite the 2 sides, but what about the reason they broke up? 
The Primals and Orians both originated from the same ancestors, yet they fight and wage war not over their similarities but differences, The Orians divided their world based on their change in appearance becoming the Ascen, the Alma and the Spirits, the Vethara, were all Primals yet became the Fearli and celestial.
People will look for difference to differentiate each other, instead of see that which makes use unique. Zoe you asked if your a bad person, the real question you should be asking is what counts as a being a good person, in a world so wrong, so broke, that people treat woman like slaves and breeding machines, were ones value is decided by the power of their mana and not the uniqueness of their own individual core. 
So to answer your question, yes Zoe you are a good person, and I need not look further then my own body to know that, how it heals and changes to adapt to all situations is a solid cry of your cores desire to protect and ensure that the next generations is prepared for the challenges to come. I think out of the 3 of you, your core is the most compassionate. Hope is the most selfish, while Hope is the most self-centred while yours is more external. You treat all as equal as you treat all me cells as equals. So yes Zoe Navar, you are a good person in my eyes. As Good as a person can be in this broken world.” 
He said that as more tears streamed down her face, Irane smiled as he embraced her with all he had. His words made her cry far more than before. They spend some time like that until Zoe passed out in exhaustion, healing his wounds used far more mana then she expected as he put her in his bed, and went simply laid on the coach working, he was looking at all the work. 

Irane mumbled to himself as he noticed Aphexia looking at him from Zoe side: “Are you just going to stare at me or are you going to come closer?” Aphexia moved slowly in her small form, jumping and laying on his lap, he brushed her like a beast as Apheixa asked: “You seem in deep thought, I was sure you would be excited now that you have beasts for your elemental cores?” Irane chucked as he relied: “I am, in truth I was eager to rush of to my forge and Biome to begin work on them, but something else caught my attentions. I never realised it, until now but Apexia is massive, its so vast that I makes no sense, its like a whole world within a world. Limbo has never made sense to me, but the shear scale of it, each of those elementals effects a region as large as a small continent. It’s massive and that caught me off guard, there is so much more to handle now that we have those territories. Far more work and planing to do, and still our enemies are still out there. The Orians will come and the Primals will come to, even the humans have shown that once they have power they will move on to be a threat to…” Apexia snarled as she remarked: “Indeed, so why not go on the offensive and kill them all first?” Irane chuckled at that as he added: “That a plan indeed, but in truth I have a weak stomach for unnecessary violence. If I ever moved on to conquer and destroy them, I would also take all the people whom I see as abused. In truth I would much rather avoid conflict, i don’t want to take responsibility for the world. It’s not my problem. Besides Kazemi gave the primals enough time to choose 5 whole years, and they made their choice, Kazemi even allowed for Humans with cores to enter and be Apexian, damn I even allowed Orians to be Apexian, so I can’t complain. But I really don’t want to go to war with others. I want to just stay here and worry about the problems in my home, not the rest of the world.” Apexia chuckled a bit as she hummed: “Fair enough, but what happens to those who do come, and start a war and tries to hurt your home?” Irane voice direct, and treating as he added: “if anyone is stupied enough to try and destroy my home or way of life, no matter if they are justified or not, will not see the light of tomorrow. I will end them all, with no remorse. No one threats my people, my home and lives!” 
Apexia laughed at that as Irane moved his hand from her head to the tail, he looked out into the sky as she added: “I will not allow anyone to take the Home of Zoe Navar ever again!” He said softly, as he though back to the story abut the emperor, as it shows the man who lost it all at the begging, the images, the memories that came from the memories of his cores all acting on him, on that idea, as he saw the image of a village burning all around him, bodies and faces he didn’t know, and it haunted even more becuase of that fact. Irane Kazemi remember the faces of all the people his eyes had ever seen, all of them so this image truly terrified him: “Never again!” He mumbled as he feel asleep. He dreamt of being in Paradise as it was all in flames, burining all round him. The flag of their empire buring, and this time he saw the faces of all the Valariyan burning in the fires. He didn’t move but looked down as the bodies of hiss daughters were all around him. He looked up at the flags all around the, the marks of orians, Primals and human clans, as Irane just stood and watched. He was still as he looked all around him. He opened his eyes as the light of sunrise hit his eyes from his position. His room was high and had the perfect view of the sunrise form even the window as he looked on the sunrise after awakening from his nightmare. The sun seemed even brighter that morning for a od reason, as she he took a deep breath and wend outside with Aphexia in his arms. He went out to watch the run rise, then he moved away from the sight of the sun, he noticed how people around him started moving, he heard it, those who were walking up, those who had been up, his eyes moved away as the people started to awaken and go about their days, children going to school and the Valariyan’s moving to their duties, the smiles on their faces, the tired expression from others which turned alive at seeing others. He looked at them all as the city came to life in a moment. He thought back to his dream as he closed his eyes, then he opened them. He thought of his children and the people and their children. As he continued: “Let those who dare disturb the peace of the emperors people, meet their end at the hands of his champion.” There was a fire in his eyes, one that threatened to set existence in its whole ablaze. 

Some time passed through the day as Zoe met up with Arai and Hope in the main hospital in Sethia where Summari and Nighla were. Arai was there to check on them as she was their designated teacher while Hope was there to get Summari as was Zoe was there to make sure they were fine before being discharged. 
She checked on them and saw how their injuries were all but fine with minor issues reming. In that moment Zoe asked, she didn’t direct her words at anyone in the room: “If our cores desired the end of it all, if we at our cores wanted to turn the world aflame would he do it? No better yet what shall we do then…” her words were confusing as Arai spoke: “Ah, so your the reason I had that nightmare last night, the one times I choose to sleep and I get to see a nightmare of everyone burning and turning to ash…” Arai looked on at Zoe as she replied with a grin: “Don’t worry, we won’t have to worry about that well, not while Irane is human.” She replied with confidence as Zoe looked on in confusion, as Arai pointed to Summari and Nighla on the beds as she noted: “Zoe, if we had the level command over Irane as we did in the past, then he would be a slave to the desires of his 2 children, they are children sure, but they see the world from the view of their cores, every desire they have is a core desire, and Irane is aware of their core desires, but still doesn’t offer it to them. The same for use, Irane is not the same as Kazemi. For him, my core desire is a like a thought that popped into his head, and for Hope, well she wields his heart, so when she is excited or angry, then that will reflect on him, its like having a heart that beats on the accord of another person, while his body… well imagine if you have an itchy spot on your arm, you can choose to scratch it or not. Irane Kazemi and Kazemi Irane are the same person, but they operate on different realms of reality, imagine it like Kazemi is a conceptual while Irane is a human. We can influence him sure but we have very little control over him as he is now, but if we activated our cores. I want you to imagine it like this, using Kazemi’s Drive we can use certain aspects of him, Iris, his Forge, his heart, his Biome, his body and his mind for me. We can call on all these aspects. So Irane has our actual cores in his body, he feels, it as additions to his Body.” 

Arai moved closer to Zoe as she added: “His order was to love use, but that love is different. For him he loves us all, in truth because of my command he finds use to be the woman he loves, but he hasn’t made any more because he doesn’t now how we feel. I can read his mind, and know all things occurring in it, his thought process and more, but he can’t feel me looking, , its like the subconscious of mind, you can’t really feel it, same for his heart and body. He can resist it to a degree as he is now. I mean take my desire to burn the whole of the symbols of Aevum from Ascen, he still acted around that and ensured no one died. I would say I have the most influence on The emperor, while Hope as more influence on the champion, and you Zoe have the most influence of the Human version. That is the best way to see it. The human, the champion and the emperor. All 1 person seeing the world from a different lens. The champion is the centre the middle point between his humanity and his conceptual nature. So please don’t worry too much about it. I mean think about it like this, if he truly was a slave to his cores desires, then he would be on top of both you with no hesitation. He finds you both to be quite attarctive and desirable to him, yet he hasn’t once acted on those feelings, not once, and I should know I see what goes on in that mans mind, and I can assure you he is very much a human, and very much a man in all rights.” As she said that she looked at Summari and Nighla and pulled on their ears as she added: “And you two should stop trying to abuse your father by altering your core desires. You’re confusing the man on what you want…” They both cried out in pain from the pinching ears, as Arai added: “He already gave you both Niro and Tunde, so stop being selfish.” They feared her well as they recalled what she did to them in the city of Mana, the capital of the Ascen as she put them down time and time again. The remembered as they both in unison apologied which caught Arai of guard for a moment: “Apologies Mother, we won’t do it again.” Arai froze at their words with slight for a moment as she moved bad and nodded, she wasn’t used to the idea, as she remember that in all rights their cores were created from her mana. In all rights these 2 children were her children, their children in one. Arai moved back as she seemed flustered: “Good, now get your things and go with Hope and Zoe…” Hope laughed as they went on to get ready: “Whats wrong, you can’t handle being called a mother, come now Arai, I mean in all respects you’ve had 2 daughters and a grandchild by now, so why act surprised, its not a secret, they even call me Mom and they call Zoe Mommy, we’ve just been to used to it by now.” Arai stared at Zoe with a bit of annoyance: “I know that Kazemi said I loved Aliya and Valariya like they were my daughters, which I won’t deny, but Summari and Nighla are a different story in all rights, their bodies are genetically Minia’s children, but their cores were born from our mana, our cores changed in Kazemi’s body. I can’t help but be flustered okay…” Zoe was silent as she was still processing the words of Arai. She started to giggle a bit: “We really have been through a lot haven’t we all three of use. And now we have those 2, children whose core were created from our mana. It’s almost like the universe wanted to bind us together. Like it felt the need to put all three of us into 2 beings... I sometimes wonder how we will explain everything we did to their father, how can we explain to them that we…” Arai interrupted: “Kazemi already told them, he even told Dokia and Urial everything to. He told them everything in pure unfiltered detail. They know what we did to him… they know it full well which is also how they know how to take advantage of their father’s ability to see their core desires. They aren’t stupid, far from it. They still call Irane Father, just as they call the Emperor Dad. They know it all well, and the difference well to.” 
Hope added to this: “I actually spoke to Summari about it and she told me she didn’t hate use, but loved us. After all we did make them. Her words were: “Dad told use about our birth, and also about how dangerous our mother was, we know what you dd to Ziphora, but we really don’t care because he isn’t our father, He was long dead by the time our cores came to be.” Hope added: “For them Irane Kazemi has always been their father. From start to finish. Summari even showed me a book that Crimi Night gave him, one he can’t even read. I read it with her there, it was a really detailed description of the man to. Made me feel somewhat heartbroken to learn of it all. He really was an interesting man. I laughed to hard when Summari described him…” Zoe asked directly: “what did he say?”
“The man I was before being the person I am now, was nothing more the a pathetic man who was such a tremendous failure that he even failed at dying. Can you imagine that, failing at something to simple. How truly pathetic…” Irane’s voice echoed in the room as the woman shifter to see him.: “That is what the emperor thinks of the man you refer to ‘Z’!” 
Arai chucked as she noted: “well it makes sense from Kazemi’s perceptive, after all for him he came to be in a the trail, midway through as a mind born in a fight that was endless. But what do you think of him?” Irane shrugged as he noted: “Summari notes him as interesting while Nighla calls him Grandfather saying he was the man who made the emperor so he is their grandfather. That their logic, me personally I have no idea. I haven’t read that book, I was told I couldn’t read it and remember anyways, I have absolutely no opinion, Good or bad about the man. To me he just another drop, another human in a sea of other humans. Nothing more, nothing less. But I must admit, I do wonder what kid of man he was, even I am curious about it, about the type of man who could choose to erase himself, simply because he feared death? I find that hard to believe, no matter how much a being fears death, it wouldn’t drive them to accept hell and suffering from it all as a substitute. He almost sounds like a masochist to me…” At that Arai laughed as she noted: “Fair enough. I think I disagree with you and Kazemi on that regard, ‘Z’ was simply a man who lost everything and wasn’t able to forgive himself. In fact we can see Kazemi’s hatred to him as Z own self hatred fully manifested in a way.” Irane chucked at that as he added: “Do you want to read the book?” Arai shook her head as she added: “I wound much rather not know more of the man I killed thank you.” Zoe also adde: “I’m also good, I don’t I want to know the details beyond that for now, maybe later…” Irane shrugged as he noted to them: “As you wish, the book is in my person study in Paradise. You will find it on the 3rd shelf from the top next to book on Kazemi’s Champion from Sofia and the version from Valariya.” 

Hope spoke with curiosity: “You’ve read it before?” Irane nodded as he stated: “The version from Sofia is a wonderful Drama in all rights, while Valariya’s version is a beautiful watered down version perfect for children. I tell it to my kids all the time. But I will admit Sofia’s version was something else. I felt like a cry to Kazemi. I know the history of the Primals and Orians very very well. And I know full well that my core was one forged from that old Primordial God. So that story felt like a direct message to me, a call to save them all. A desire for a Paradise, a place where people who have known nothing but suffering can come to rest and finally be at peace… Its a beatiful dream, a wonderful thing to pray for indeed.” Hope spoke with a sharp tone: “You almost make it sound that an impossible dream?” Irane smiled sadly as he looked at Hope: “Paradise, that book made Paradise sound like a dream come true, a place that wound stand as a heaven forever. But it is obvious what that book truly is when you read through from the perspective of a Primal, its why so many many Primals left Paradise in the first place, they realised it clearly, The emperor wasn’t someone who was going to create the paradise they wanted. They didn’t see the genuine message being it. They all read it as though the main character was the man(Irane, in the book), but they never realised that the main character was the child who was with him from the very start. It was a story of a child who didn’t just want to be in paradise, but one of a woman who more then anything wished that the champion was real so she could be by his side and helped him to build his empire, to build her paradise. The paradise the author was refering to was simply being by the Emperor’s side. No matter what she was there. From when they lost it all, to him being given power by the Goddess, to him being the champion. The little girl was the main constant, who never changed in th book. The man changed and was 3 different things in all rights through the book. But the child, the girl besides him, she never changed. Sofia never wrote it so that the child could be the empress or, his wife or even his Goddess. She was simply someone who was by his side no matter what. Even as just an observer, but she was there always. 
The Primals who remained and became Valariyan’s all understood that. They all embody that fully, they see the emperor as a God, sure, even something to worship, but they still move to walk by his side. They all offered their cores to him and choose to be extension of him, to be those whom he shall consume when they die and be a part of him forever, and all he requires is them to live their lives. The Valariyan’s are his desire made flesh. They are the people in that’s story by the end. People who fought and bleed in the war agent the Arke twins right with the emperor. I love that book so much because it makes me wish everyone could see Kazemi like that, as someone to walk besides now behind. Or in front of. Hope laughed again as she added: 
“You almost sound like you believe in Kazemi as a God to…” She said jokingly as Arai’s eyes widened at that: “You do, you see him as a God don’t you?” Hope stopped laughing as even Zoe’s eyes widened in shock: “You all seem shocked by that, pray tell, which of you actually sees Kazemi as a normal person? I mean genuinely speaking? I may not be able to see what your cores are saying or feeling like the other Valariyan’s, but I know for a fact that you all don’t see him as a normal man. After everything he has done, I mean all I need to do is look in the mirror and I can’t even begin to see that thing as a Man…” The three woman paused as they all thought of all the impossible things that Kazemi did as Irane added: If you truly believe he is a normal man, then maybe I’m the problem. I know that in all rights that I am Kazemi, but make no mistake, I can’t do what he can do. He may say I can do all he can with time, but he’s about 87 Millions years old, I mean imagine feeling someone who is only 124 years old about that, Its frustrating cause I see things in a human mind set, but there is no way I can reach that.” 
In that moment Zoe asked: “Wait how long will you live for?” Irane looked at Zoe in pure confusion as he replied: “what are you asking, I have the same life cycle as any normal person 1000 years, give or take.” In that moment Summari and Nighla came in as Irane moved to pick them up: “there you 2 are, shall we go get some ice cream as a reward for your work?” 

Nighla sighed as she noted: “We nearly die and we get is ice cream, great…” Summari smiled with excitement as Irane added: “Please we both your lives where no danger, and I was talking about ice cream made from the mana-flow in Paradise, the ones that his the core. And I’ll make sure to make enough to last a whole month just for you two. Vanilla Caramel for Nighla and Mint-chocolate for Summari!” In that moment Nighla eyes widened with excitement as Summari moved about with excitement. Irane moved out with them to Paradise as the woman stayed with a frozen stare, as the words left Zoe mouth: “How long will we live for?” The question seemed to echo in the room as the woman looked at each other. Arai didn’t know as they simply excepted no knowing.” 

Irane was in Paradise with his daughters as he finished making them their ice cream, it was made using the same liquid to make the mana drink, it was beyond refreshing and for them who comprehended the world so well through their cores it was a truly refreshing snack. As they had some Nighla added: “I wish we could bring some for Junior… I’m not sure which of these are his favourites.” Nighla exclaimed in a sad tone, as Irane looked Summari added: “I’m sure he would prefer chocolate, or maybe strawberry.” Summari said as she enjoyed her cone. Irane looked as he spoke: “Why don’t you go and give him some?” Summari and Nighla looked on excitement as Irane continued: “I’ll be busy with the elements, for some time, and I don’t think we have a lot to worry about Pandro took Urial with him and his daughters so bring Dokia along. Go ask Mira to take you see him, tell you guys will be there for a week, and this can extend to her vacation time, Bring Aliya along as well, I don’t think Arai ever gave her a break. And make sure you take Nina as well, and get Adri on earth while you’re there. I don’t want her taking the long way when she can come with all.” There was so much excitement of it that Nighla pulled Summari who was still enjoying her ice cream to see Mira immediately. Irane laughed slightly: “She really loves her brother hey. I wonder the boy is like… Well I’ll find out soon, I would like to see him but I would rather not be in the area of that Witch if possible…” he said as he moved to the Forge with a smile and humming as Enari spoke through: “You seem excited, any real reason why?” 
“Don’t be smart, you know full well why, I can’t wait to redesign and upgrade those weapons… though I do feel back about it… you know what, I think I’ll forge perfect replicas of their current forms and store them as trophies… No that’s a waste in all rights isn’t Iris. Seeing as their records will never change. It’s pointless to make a copy of a master piece just for the sake of it.” Iris laughed as she added: ‘Don’t worry, my Forge contains every weapon and its variations and additions, so we will always have the origin. Now it is time to Upgrade them indeed. 
Beast	Core	Tool
Muspel(Norse inspired)	Fire	Pyrus - A Brilliant Curved Katana, large and magnetic, Red and Yellow with a Golden Dragon along the blade from Tail to Head
Tiamat(Mesopotamian)	Water	Aquila - A Ocean-Blue Trident with long marking of different forms of beasts on it, with a Golden dragon designed on it
Geb(Egyptian)	Earth	Geos- a Massive slegde hammer of earth-Brown marked with deep echoes on in hammer section, with the dragon on the top. 
Typhon(Greek)	Air	Vetus - A large Disk with with many fan blades within and slowly appeared outwards. It was a Green, Grey colour with the dragon moving along its edge head to tail. 
Ymir(Norse)	Ice	Cryo - A large Ice-Blue spear with a large dragon on the spear head, to the bass. Its spear section was more like the top of a Glacier 
Perun(Slavic)	Electricity	Storm - A Marvellous Bow with Gold and Blue Lighting marking along he bow with 2 dragons moving to face each other to he point where the arrow moved out. 
Pan(Greek)	Nature	Sylva - A Blade Green and Brown Staff with the tips in different colours like a tree with flowers blooming all around. The Dragon was wrapped around the to the centre, making it impossible to tell which side was the head or bass for the staff. 
Shiva(Hindu)	Energy	Nexus - A Orb of Millions of different colour and a Golden mark on the Orb side. 
Amaterasu(Japanese)	Light 	Blackhole - a Pure while Orb with a dragon marker on the side, The inside seemed to be shifting of All rainbow colours changing to all visible colours outwards. 
Nyx(Greek)	Darkness	Whitehole - a Pure black with a dragon on the orb, The inside was absorbing all colours from around to a pitch black centre. 
He forged each of the beasts to be mainly Primordial energies of pure Dragons. The same class as Enari and Emo. Each was a baby in all rights, tiny at the present moment. As they were pure entities of their elemental forms. Still in their egg form. Baby Dragons. The world Took a week in Orians but in truth he had been working in Kazemi’s Universe for what felt like a century. The elemental series were the original weapons that predate the Conceptual Tools in the Trail, but they were very basic in all rights. Irane updated them to be on the same class as the Conceptual, able to fully merge and combine like do, they were fully update with that functions now. On massive update he also made was updating them to be mergeable and mixable with the Conceptual Tools. In truth this was more for fun, as he lost himself in his work, and having far to much fun with it to. He fully updated them to be a holy other class. There was a moment as he was in his Universe that he noticed the Conceptual cores. He pulled them closer as he looked at the Design core for a moment. It was different from the other cores. As he realised it was the core of Irane Jr. It was interesting as the core seemed inactive as he placed it back: “It seems he hasn’t active the drive. His connection to Kazemi’s core yet. He moved it back as he looked at the other cores. 9 floating by as he noticed how each for a while: 
“9 cores that still haven’t been born in a way… I wonder when I’ll bring them to the world.” In that moment Irane saw as image from his mind of all 3 woman(Arai, Hope and Zoe) Pregnant, it was when he was on the island like a memory forcing itself to the surface as he stopped himself: “Where did that memory come from…” he paused as he thought back to it, and caught himself wondering why he was seeing this memory now. But cut it off: “That just me desiring things. I hate this feeling. Love truly is a strange emotions. No this isn’t love, this is lust… lust in its purest form and I will not fail. I will not make a move on any of them. I will not.” Iris laughed at him as she noted: “Why not dear old emperor. You could easily walk into any of their rooms, and have your way with them and no one would stop. I mean how many woman already have a crush on you, how many Valariyan’s have dreams of being with he all powerful Emperor…” “Enough…” Irane said in annoyance, as his face bushed at simply remember it all: “There are 2 ways this goes down, I make a move and get denied by all 3 and I move on with my life, or 2 one of them does say yes, but the problem then comes to what I do with the feelings I feel towards, the others. This is a problem. I can’t have all three of them, and I can’t choose just one to pursue…” Enari Laughed as he noted: “There is a third option called you can have them all! Its not uncommon for a man to have multiple woman you know?” 
Irane laughed at that: “You have one hell of a sense of humour you know, maybe in your mind that works, my body craves Zoe, while my heart desire Hope and my mind is always thinking of Arai. A curse in all right, a true and uncontrollable curse. The curse Kazemi left me with when he gave me his damn core. The curse of Love. Well whatever just cause I love someone doesn’t mean I need to act on those feelings, I’ll just wait for them each to get married to the people they want and simply while I berry these feelings. All the way to the centre of the world… Does Limbo have a core?” He asked as he finally left after all his world. Enari and Iris both looked at each other as they noted: “It’s a good thing he can’t tell what they’re thinking of him… otherwise he might lose his mind.” Iris laughed as she replied with glee: “Well it doesn’t really matter in all truth. Either way we will give these cores a human from soon enough, we simply need to be patient. It’s only a matter of time before he can’t hold himself back. Love and Lust are very wonderful stimuli, especial when his mind is thinking about them all the time thanks to Arai. He will break and we will plant the cores in those woman. Patients is the key… 
Enari growled: “I’m aware of that. In all rights I just want to bring them into the world so they can start growing up already, i want to give life to more level 10 beast, so far we only have 10, Junior still hasn’t activated his drive so even design hasn’t been activated yet. Well whatever I guess we will wait.” Iris added: “Cause we have no choice. Besides we have Millions of years to get this done. Not like they’re going to die any time soon, especially seeing how stubborn Irane is.” Enari nodded in agreement.


As these week was going by we see that Summari and Nighla informed Mira about their fathers message to her as she seemed hesitant with returning to Earth. It wasn’t a very fun idea for her, but she noticed she had no choice, plus it would be good to get out of Apexia for a while as she told them to get ready and to call Aliya, Dokia and Nina. She moved on to prepare their transportation in Paradise. A truly rare carrier Jet built by Irane. It was fast and able to handle flying through the mana storm with no issues. 
It didn’t take long for the 5 woman to appear fully pack in Paradise. As Aliya and Nina came fully prepared for a vacation. Dokia was also excited as she hide by Nina avoiding Aliya as she still wasn’t able to speak to her well, but she was able to carry a short convo were she needed to just node of shake her head. 
Aliya asked directly to Mira: “So I get the whole seeing Junior thing, but are you sure we can actually go the the Primals, I mean Nina and you one thing, but I have been killing many of them in the past few months, so am I even allowed to come?” Mira shrugged as she spoke: “It doesn’t really matter, I mean the real reason we’re actually going is to make sure these 3 don’t kill anyone.” Pointing at Summari, Nighla and Dokia. “If they try anything will just deal with it. Nina smiled as she added: “Yeah, and besides Adri will meet us there to, so we will have Mira, the general of the Apexian Military and forces, Me and Adri, member of Lord Kazemi person Unit in squad 0. And You The daughter of Arai, and the soul of Kazemi. Well I like our odds, and plus if we really get into it, we can just unleash Dokia, and have her end them all.” Nina laughed as Mira interjected: “Not funny Nina, I would rather not cause a genocide or be involved in one right now.” There was some laughter as she added: 
“Listen up I did say I was coming, so we shouldn’t really worry too much, though I did lie and say I was coming alone, either way, we won’t have to worry. Anyways I think theres more to this than a simple case of a vacation, when we get there I want you 2 to infiltrate and gather some intel. I want to know what their planing and if Junior is in any kind of danger, if he is we will not hesitate, but we will also honour Irane’s request. If Junior doesn’t want come back, we won’t force him. This in truth is ment to be a visit for them, but I will take the chance to relax. 

They moved into the Large Golden Jet, As they moved out. It didn’t take long, a Trip that by plan is just a Over a day, but extended to Days by the storm was cut down to just 18 hours, They were within the portal to Earth From Heaven, it was now the ruin, a place long abounded by the people, but still fully set with a large military presence. They were expecting them as they allowed the shift though. They moved to the main location that the Primals were set. Within Southern Africa, fully set with that location and fully armoured, They also controlled South America and major section of Central Africa. The Humans were fully isolated with Europe and Asia. Crimi had made her base there. America was also a major point where the Kathara had taken full control, and as well as the section of Asia along side, it, China, and Korea were taken by the Kathara now to. 
The sheep moved high above the the cramped building around as it moved to lad by the large main building which was the landing bay by the Palace. This city was a massive project by Toma. The main location of his operation, now altered to the new Home of the Primals, called Genesis, The plan moved to land as Alex was present with Taliy and Ember. They prepared with their warriors around. In a moment the doors opened a small number of soilders numbering to 5 on each side, totalling to 10. Each moved with the banners of House Ardent, remade by Milla based on Mira’s own design, It was accompanied with banner marking for Grand General the flag of the 12 Division, Then a main Flag moved next to each other, with the marking of Summari and Nighla own person banners, The left and rights hands on the Emperor. Followed by the Flag of the New House Nexal under Apexia and the flag of House Navar(Indicated for Dokia) with them moving in. Mira, Summari, Nighla, Dokia and Nina all appeared before The assembled members of the courts. The flag barriers were in full amour, set automatons made from the old set, known as the 1 generation set. Made for war, as the woman all approached with full royal attire, more favoured for every day activities. More breathable. They had no weapons, as they walked forward. Mira moved forward as he step to look Alex right in the eye, and offer her hand for a hand shake. Alex moved to shake her hand as both looked at each other in the eye. Mira expression seemed cold, stone faced and serious, but her eyes. They felt far more alive as Alex stared into them. Mira thanked him as she noted: 
“So I will be quick, I have been ordered by Lord Irane Kazemi to bring young misses Summari and young misses Nighla Kazemi to see their brother. I hope that isn’t an issue?” She spoke with light nobleilty now as Alex replied: “We welcome you Apexian, and we accept. We would never want to deny siblings the chance to unite and speak. The Apexian are considered good friends to the Primals after all...” There was a light silence as Mira indicated to the Nina to accompany the 2 children to see their brother.” Mira looked on as she added: “Thank, we will be here for a week while they enjoy a playdate. We will not require accommodations, only permission to move about your city freely, even if by means of your guards watching us 24/7. I don’t mind, after all we’re here to just relax and watch the children.” Alex Nodded as he added: “And, will that child not see Junior as well?” Mira shook her head as she noted: “No Dokia would if you’d be so kind, love to Never Junior, and I personally would love to see his mother. Of course you’re free to be in the room Alex, im fully aware she is your sister after all.” 

There was an air of familiarity that made all present feel worried. Taliya noted the sign as she moved to get Evelyn, while Ember was asked to take the 2 girls to see their brother. There was a silent reunion between Ember and Nina as Ember spoke suddenly as a long quite walk: “It’s funny isn’t Nina, just how much time can change people and situation, its been over 20 years since me and you saw each other. It’s been over 20 years since that horrible day…” Nina nodded as she stated: “Well, it was a time but we can’t really say were worse were are. I mean look at you, your the head of Osiro clan and even weirder of the Grand Tool Creator Cronus… And me, nothing more then the current head of the Nexal house in the Apexian empire, traded and sold by my very own sister. Crazy how life works, isn’t it?” Ember nodded as she looked back at the 2 little girls who were more focused on the surroundings as Nina noted: “I do hope you ensure that we don’t come close paths a woman named Minia Consa, That would be a major issue, if you understand.” Ember nodded, but was shocked, more on the fact that she said all of that in front of the children. She was so different to Ember. They finally arrived by the outer yard by the Osiro section of the Palace, Irane Jr. was with his sister Artemis at this time. Issac was in the care of Minia in her lab. 

At this moment Minia was returning to her lab, she was asked to keep it quite and not be around as her and Mira have more then simply history. As she entered her lab Minia was frozen with shock as she saw what seemed like someone on her chair, reading through her data sheet and table. While the screen was set to widen file on the core research on Irane Jr. Issac and Artemis. All right before her with their info. Minia paused as simply spoke with clear annoyance as she figured out who the person sitting on the chair was. She moved closer with annoyance: “You truly are brave, showing your face here. Do you really think you’re going to leave Alive Aliya Nexal?” Aliya shifted as she faced Minia: “Of course I am, after all we both know that If I wanted to I could easily kill that child you have sleeping in the next room. And looking at all the work and data you have on him, its clear his very very important. So yes, I am sure that I’m leaving here alive. Aliya stood up as she placed the tablet down and looked at Minia, staring right into her eyes. Aliya smirk as she started to laugh: “That look on your face, damn your just so serious. What happened to you smile. The Minia I remember was always so happy and had this confident smile on her face of pure bliss and satisfaction…” Minia faced winced for a moment as she spoke with more direct force as she unleashed her mana, she was trying to surround Aliya core with her ability and incapacitate her. Aliya walked slowly towards Minia, which shook Minia, for her it felt like challenge, like she was daring her to make her move. It wasn’t long as Aliya was face to face with Minia, eye to eye as she smiled in her face: “What’s wrong, having trouble finding my core? Well you see last time I checked ghost don’t have cores. Aliya walked right through Minia as she spoke: “Please relax Minia, I have no intentions of trying anything. I just wanted to make sure you weren’t doing anything problematic to Irane Jr. But it’s clear that you haven’t, so we have no problems.” Aliya said with a grin. Minia snarled in annoyance as she replied with annoyance, as this child looked at her with those cold eyes. She had never had a problem finding a core, and now this situation, it felt to dangerous as Minia noted in anger at the impudence of the child: 
“So you won’t hurt me, is that what your saying… to bad, I was sure you wanted to try and take my head after Irane killed your father, oh that reminds me, I did hear some news about your sister, how is she by the way?” Minia gained for a moment as she froze at the sensation of her body being restrained. He eyes widened as a told sensation felt over her: “She’s just fine, but why don’t you keep talking about my father, you know I would just love to hear about that day again Minia!” She was frozen as she veins and roots were around and Soul appeared in the form of Valariya, one who looked far older then the last version Minia recalled. She was stunned as Aliya removed the roots, and immediately saw Nevir besides who noted: “what’s wrong Minia, your so pale, you look like you’ve seen a ghost.” Minia was frozen, not from the ghosts, no but from the mana. Flowing all around them in this moment. This was their mana, and that is what made this feel so impossible as Aliya simply vanished without a trace. Minia was unsure if she really had left as she felt her heart pulsing. In a moment she actives her scanners and mana deters which found no traces, but still Aliya was always a problem, damn it. She said as she reported that Aliya was in the palace, and that they needed to be careful. Aware but not fully active about it at the moment. 

Alex was in a room with a tense atmosphere as Mira looked straight at Evelyn while Nevir stood behind her hiding from Dokia. Alex felt confused by this reaction, but admitted that the child did have an off aura, There was a long tense silence as Mira spoke out: “I will be frank, you took the child of the emperor from the empire and ran back home because you were scared, doesn’t really justify it for me. It really really doesn’t. Esspaicially seeing you are by all rights an Apexian. Or are you denying that you stood amongst as one of use, no better yet are you denying my words? That what are your Evelyn, your son has every right to call himself whatever he wants but you. I noble woman has no rights as such. And so I will be clear, you committed a crime as an Apexian and so you will return to Apexia to be triad and sentences before the emperor. That’s seems perfectly fair to me? Or maybe you see me as unreasonable for my words Alex?” Evelyn looked on her brother with terror, she knew what Mira wanted, and right now Alex was being forced to make a choice. As he did. His words made her eyes widened as he spoke: “So do tell, you want to return with Evelyn, but you will leave Nevir Jr, and Irane Jr. here? Mira nodded as she added: “As I stated, the choice is with him. If he chooses to return with use, so be it, and if he chooses to stay, then we force him to come along. But that woman coming with us is non-negotiable!” Her words were direct as Alex stared at his sister. He replied sharply: “You stated that you’d be here for a weak, right Mira. So we can at least have that time to discuss it?” Mira nodded as she spoke directly: “You have until the end of the week.” Mira stood up as she looked at Nevir Jr who was still hiding as Mira spoke: “You know she really did want apologise about that incident Nevir, but seeing that your a little reluctant, I won’t press it. Let’s go Dokia, maybe he’ll want to talk later. 

As that was occurring Irane was talking with his sisters, Nina noted how excited Nighla was at seeing her brother while Summari was all over Artemis. Carrying her all around. Nina smile was obvious as it caught Ember’s attention. Nina spoke softly with a sad tone to her voice: “You know I used to wish for a childhood like this. I really did so much. Playing with my sister and brother while we moved around the yard just playing. But we never had that family dynamic. We never had that chance in that place. But here I see them playing about, I see all the children running around along side my own child in Paradise and I feel so happy seeing him just running around having fun.” Ember was quite for a moment as she replied: “is is that so, were is your son now?” Nina smiled: “I left him of course, this is a bit of a vacation, and besides. I left his with someone reliable…” Ember wanted to get more as Nina noted: “what’s her core type?” The question caught her of guard as Nina added: “I’m simply curious. I mean the Vane and the More clan as famous for being clans of Energy, and they say they can be very interesting cores right.” Ember shrugged as she replied: “Nothing special, just a darkness core is all. My son had an energy core, so he did get that at least, we’ll see from whom he takes after in a few years. What about yours?” Nina smiled as she said with pride: “Time-Energy! A very good core indeed, according to Lord Kazemi.” Nina said with pride, Ember laughed as she noted: “Are we competing for who’s better like we did in school or something Nina?” Nina chucked as she noted: “Oh please, it was never a competition, I was far better than you in all fields but using Arts.” Ember chucked slightly: “True, but I do remember beating you at magic a few times, at least.” Nina nodded as she added: “True, but you never beat me at Techniques and hand to hand combat.” There was a somber moment as Ember asked coldly: “I still wouldn’t go back if I could. Orians can go burn to the ground!” She said with a venous voice as Nina spoke after a moment: “Well I’ll tell Arai you like he work too then. Seems you know what she did to the Ascen…” Ember nodded as she remarked: “Arai is said to be a prisoner in Apexia, so is that true.” Nina was quiet for some time as she added: “The emperor has her working under him for all she did. If it makes you happy I can assure you she is not happy. She’s barely sleeping, eating or gating any type of free time, pure hell, the same for Hope and Zoe to. They are suffering in all rights now. It’s quite funny to look at, but also really sad to. I feel bad for them, I really do. But I am glad i was offered as a piece treaty, instead of coming in as a prisoner…” Ember face was one of shock. Nina was honest in all she said to a degree. Taken seriously at value, it wasn’t wrong per saye.

After a whole afternoon of playing Summari and Nighla left as they went on, they would see him again in a day. As they all convened Adri would also appear as she would be back from dropping of Terra Night and the main human leaders close to him. Aliya would also re-join as she reported the work she found in Minia’s lab. The data and research on All three of the siblings(Irane Jr., Artemis and Issac). The time moved on as they started in Genesis. The time passed by, but as the time passed, Irane Jr. felt a wave of insecurity growing. There was a point where he was curious and wanted to tell them about what he learn about their father, and his torment. He was curious how to bring it up, how to even begin to explain it to them, and if he did what would that do. He thought more and more on it. 
He had made his choice as he asked his sister in private when it was just the 3 of them, he was subtle at first: “Do you guys know about dad’s past?” There was a pause as Summari and Nighla looked at each other for a moment before Summari asked: “What part? The Trail, his time serving under the Primals or are you talking about after that?” Nighla added: “Well we know everything about dad, from start to finish so If you have any questions you can ask use!” There was a pause from Junior. They seemed to know more than enough, far more as he asked the only question which made sense: “Do you guys know what your mother did to him?” ‘Your Mother’, those words caught in the mind of the girls. For them Minia was never their mother, they knew that she aborted them, and that they almost died if it wasn’t for Pandro’s actions, this was a fact Summari knew well and told her sister. But for them their ’Mother’ was Arai, ‘Mom’ was Hope and ‘Mommy’ for Zoe. They understood the world not as humans, but as cores, as conceptual who understood the universe through the eyes of their cores first. They could preserve cores and even the energies and mana with made it up. Their core was made with the combined mana of Kazmei, Arai, Hope and Zoe in the trail. ‘Mother’ for them was Arai as Nighla answered directly: “Ah you mean Arai… yes we know she can command our father. Funny enough we were sent to get her in our first official missions. She even got dad to destroy all the cities and towns in Orians, set and associated with Aevum…” Summari added: “I wish we had that much control over him. We would have far more cores under our control, right now we only have 1 each.” Nighla laughed a bit as she added: “I mean they are all cores above level 7 now, I mean Niro was level 8 now he’s level 9 and under our control. While Tunde is level 8.” Summari added: “Yeah, but I mean at least we get to enjoy his core when he officially dies.” There was measure of horror in their words. Junior felt a chill as a terrifying realisation came to him: “They know, they know about everything and they’re okay with it.” There was a lot of things he didn’t fully understand in the context of it all. To consume, to hold someone hostage. Irane Jr. never saw the world as a conceptual as his sister. For them they were actually learning more about being human, for them they were used to having their drives active. They’ve had it active since birth, since their cores were activated when their father saved them. Dokia and Urial were the same in that context. But not Junior. He was in terms and purposes a human. Then the words came as Nighla noted the name: 
“You know the meaning of the name Irane and Kazemi right? Father(Kazemi) said it best: Kazemi mean Power to create Universe so like Universal Power, but he describes is Ultimate Power, or the peak of power that makes Universe. While Irane means Ultimate Tool, or that how he describes it. Dad(Irane) Also refers to himself as the Ultimate Tool, or Tool with Ultimate power.” Summari added: “You know I really do hate how Father(Kazemi) always has the most literal meanings. Like use for example, naming us based on the day we were conceived… I mean talk about creative.” She said with a sarcastic sight as NIghla added with a gentle smile and tone: “True but I prefer Dad’s(Irane) definitions better: ’our names are tied to his birth not ours, how our births set Kazemi free and able to see reality and return control our mothers. I find that one a lot more poetic in a way. Nighla smiled. Junior was frozen as one point kept echoing in his mind: “How much do they know, and why are they acting like this is normal, like their father being a slave was fine. And why did they call Arai their mother… there were a whole number of questions filling his mind which felt like they were going to be answered as he asked one final question. It was the last question in his mind that made sense: 

“Tell me sis, if… if we could free our father from all of it, from his bounds wouldn’t you want that?” The two girls looked confused, unsure by what he ment as they imagine for a moment that he ment their father(Kazemi) being free was him being in charge again, or being the main person. For them Father was Kazemi Irane(The emperor) while Dad was Irane Kazemi, and they confused the wording as they never ad an issue when speaking about their father and dad with the Valariyan’s, They knew the difference well, in that moment the 2 girls assumed wrong as they Summari spoke: “No, we wouldn’t want Father to be free. I mean if he was, we wouldn’t be as spoiled. I mean we get ice cream all the time, and we even get editing missions and are permitted to use the drive as we wish. Honestly Father can remain bound forever and we wouldn’t care.” Nighla nodded. To them their father being free ment Kazemi would be back and they found him to be more focused on the rules. Kazemi was overbearing on them, watching over them 24/7. Even after Paradise was fully upgraded to deal with having conceptual’s around, they still felt his presence. Irane was more open, and gave them a lot more freedom, though at the cost of cutting the connection the girls share to make them live separate lives without the other. But still they had a lot more freedom and he was easy to bully and guilt trip cause he couldn’t hide his love for his daughters. But he did know when they were plying on his emotions if they over did it. But junior didn’t understand that as he made the mistake of thinking his sister ment they prefer their father being inslaved over being free. He saw them as cruel and evil as Junior stood up suddenly in rage as he shouted at his 2 older sister: 
“You’re both okay with our Father being a slave, a tool. Do you think that’s fair, a Tool. You call our dad a damn tool and laugh. You’re selfish both of you are nothing but selfish brats. Nothing more!” There was a moment of silence as Summari stood up and looked at their brother in the eye with rage: “Selfish you say, we come all the way here to see you, we bring you ice cream and come spend time with your and we’re the selfish one’s really? Do you have any idea how much work it take to make this stuff for our Dad, it takes a month in Paradise for him to make enough for the Valariyan’s. Not even the Apexian’s are able to get it and you call us selfish. Fine, than you ungrateful little boy…” In that moment junior screamed out: “I’m not a little brother, and in fact I’m older then both of you, you may have been born first, but I was conceived first. In all rights I’m the oldest and so I deserve to be respected by you brats!” He spat as Nighla’s eyes widened in worry as she realised that Summari was actually getting genuinely angry. It took a lot to get Summari truly made, but once you did there was no going back. Summari smiled coldly as she walked to her bother and looked at him in the eyes: “Your older you say… really you think your older the use because you were conceived first, is that so, then show me you wanna be big brother show me that your the oldest, prove it now!” In that moment he through a punch with all his mana landing right on her face, the impact was powerful as it caused a wave to expend outwards. There was a dust for a moment as juniors eyes widened with terror, his fist was planted on her face, which didn’t even budge. Her eye were burning with radial power. They were like a burning white sun, a large fire of celestial creation. As he moved his hand back in terror, Nighla screamed out to Summari: “Don’t kill him…” In that instant her fist was in juniors guys, fully planted as he feel to the ground throwing up. The sound was horrifying but what was the most terrifying part was the blood mixed with his vomit, Summari had no mercy as she pulled her brother up by the hair: 
“Come now ‘big brother’ shouldn’t you feel ashamed being beaten by your ‘little sister?’” In that moment she threw a left again right into his stomach again, making him cry out. Nighla spoke up: “Okay, you’ve made your point Sum…” Summari looked on at their brother as leaned in: “You know if we’re talking about the oldest, you are definitely one who shouldn’t speak, not at all. Imagine number 25 saying his older then number 1{Speaking about the order of their cores were made in the trail}, I want you to remember this well and hammer it deeply into your head little brother, you aren’t older then use, and you certainly don’t get to call use spoiled brats like were on the same plain.” In that moment she threw another punch with her right hand, this time adding mana into the mix, Junior felt his ribs crack, as his internal organs turning into much inside, he felt his spine break as he was forced back into the wall, spilling to much blood that it covered the whole wall side, and the ground. Jr couldnt breath, this was nothing like he ever felt, it was the most horrifying pain imaginable, a pain no child should ever me forced to endure as Summari was right before him again as she noted: “That was with the same amount of mana that you put into your punch, and it seems you can’t even handle that. This punch wouldn’t have done anything to Nighla and yet here you are dying on the wall like a fly who was crushed.” In a moment all the damage was gone. He could breath again as Summari loomed over him while he knelt before her collecting himself. Summari’s walked away in pure annoyance as Nighla sighed: “Was that necessary?” Summari simply shrugged: “I used the exact same amount of power he used, not my fault his weak and fragile.” Nighla moved to help her brother up as he smacked her hand way in anger and frustration, as he ran away with tears flowing down his face. Nighla turned to her sister: “You didn’t need to do all that you know…” Summari spoke back: “So your okay, being called a brat, you know I don’t even care about the age thing, but I won’t be disrespected like that.’ The two girls looked at each other for a moment as Nighla added: “You really think your owed respect just cause your older?” Summari looked on as she noted: “Oh, are your trying to say I’m wrong sister?” Nighla mana surge forth as the whole section of the palace trembled a Summari smiled and matched her sister output. The flow was massive, as the surrounding was turned on its head. The whole section was destroying as the 2 children simply looked at each other pulsing their mana all around. It was beyond intense. It felt like an earth quack was raging though the section of the city. Everyone around felt it, they were about to fight until Mira came through and stopped them. She didn’t ask anything as she simply put the 2 of them to the ground with her mana. Forcing them down with a simply glare: 

“What is the meaning of this Summari. Nighla? Look at the destruction you made” She said as she stood in a crater she made far larger then the ones the 2 girls made, causing a lot more damage, Rage was all they felt as the 2 girls cried out apologising. Mira stopped as Aliya, Dokia, Nina and Adri showed up. Soon a forces of the elite guards were around them. Mira sighed loudly: “This is gonna be a headache to deal with!” She was used to being in Paradise, a whole city fully transformed to be able to accommodate them, even taking the damage from attacks with the drive fully active, this was an annoyance in all rights. This city this palace was so weakly designed Mira noted as she spoke with the units. Irane Junior returned a she saw the mess that his sisters made, the simply scale of it, as he heard that they did this with their mana as is. IN that moment Nevir Jr appeared as he spoke: “I told you… monsters. They are all monsters, all of them!” He said with terror as his eyes stayed on Dokia. Her very form, her very core was wrong to him, he felt it well when he nearly killed him when he simply picked her up. Since then he feared her, more than anything. Jr. nodded as he spoke with anger in his voice: “Your right, they aren’t my sisters… their nothing more then monsters!” He said as he stared daggers at them. 
As Mira was speaking with the guards, Summari and Nighla simply stood next to each other in silence not looking at each other for a moment as Summari spoke after a moment: “I’m sorry…” Nighla grunted slightly as she replied: “You know you don’t need to be sorry for anything. Besides you should probably apologise to Jr. not to me Sum.” Summari sighed as she nodded: “Your right…” Nighla smiled as she noted: “You know what he said bothered me too… but you really need to control your emotions.” Summari chuckled slightly: “I don’t need to control anything if I have you!” Nighla blushed at the words as she replied: “You know Dad wouldn’t like hearing that. He’s always saying how we should be more independent.” 
Mira pulled the 2 girls forward as they apologised. As Mira told them to fix this mess. The destruction was sorted in a moment as the 2 simply places their hands on the ground and returned all things as they were. It was quite the sight to see as even the blood on the wall was removed, as though it was never there. The whole palace section was fully restored without even a scratch. Mira was about to take them with her as Summari asked to apologise to junior. As she spoke and apologised he simply looked on and left with no words. Summari sighed as she noted under her breath how much of a brat her brother truly was. As she left annoyed as Nighla praised her for swallowing her pride at least. Irane Junior wasn’t just angry, in fact he felt inadequate. He felt utterly weak. His pride was turned to dust as he realised how different he was to his sister. He couldn’t even begin to imagine being on their level. He was in truth noted as a child who in the eyes of Alex, far more skilled than Arai even when it came to the speed of his development. Alex even noted the action of twins as an interesting demonstration of their ability. This was only on the 3rd day. In the time that passed other events took place. Two of note were Aliya meeting up with Vesper and Nina spending some time with Artemis. 

In the time Nina was the one who actually looked for Nina in the palace, even staying with her from the 3rd day. She followed the whole group of Apexian’s after the incident. Junior was with Minia as he was confiding in her about all that occurred, even asking why they were so different from him, and how he felt like he was broken. Where was he lacking. IN that moment Minia revealed to the boy her tool and beast. Pain and the Chains of Ventriloquist, claiming she got them from his father. She noted: “If there is one thing I am sure about it is about the value of the core you need. In truth I was shocked when I saw these 2 in my body, it’s rare to see one, but 2. Now that made no sense. But I figured it was your father calling to me a plea to break him out. These chains can bind directly to Arai, Hope and Zoe’s cores, I’m sure I can also bind Summari and Nighla, But that is one of their side abilities. These binds can do so much more, And I’m sure I can help you be worthy of getting one, I will help you free your father, and obtain the power needed. Your sister are on the side of Arai. Arai is craft, in regards, I mean she convinced them that they were her daughters. Imagine that. Your mother is under the impression that she is suffering in Paradise, but I assure you that is not true. She controls your father and we must find a way to save him, but killing her!” The boy was silent as Minia hugged him and brought him close to her, it was a soft moment as Minia gently said: “I can’t wait to see what you truly bring… if my daughters are that powerful, then you must also be able to achieve such strength all on your own!”

As that occurred Ember was speaking with Alex, trying to get an understanding of their next move, the incident was almost a sign as more and more issues were occurring in the front lines. At that time Vesper and Taliya were out leading their forces. At that time Issac was also with around with Minia in her lab, being hidden away from the Valariyan’s still, being cautious for their plans. Artemis was at this time alone, or better to say neglected as she was more of an after thought to the others, as she sunk away following the Apexian’s. The one who noticed her was Nina who told Ember about her daughter as Ember asked to just watch her daughter for a while, as Nina agreed but noted that Ember owed her one for it. It was now that Artemis spent time around the Apexian’s. She was mostly around Nina who looked after her. As their brother was avoiding them Summari and Nighla would focus more on learning about the outside world with Adri advice. Offering to watch them she offered to give them the tour of Earth, as the the last they were her they were babies. Even Aliya tagged along, but more the looking at earth they moved about in the region. Aliya joined along bringing Artemis as Mira and Nina choose to stay behind. They would be moving around a lot and Mira was not in the mood to be sight seeing, while Nina more or less simply found the idea of being around children exhausting even being released that Aliya offers to take and watch over Artemis. 
They stayed in the city, while enjoying being royal guests. It was in this time that Nighla would complement Artemis: “I wanted to say you have a very cool core.” The young girl was confused, as she simply smiled and said thank you, but It wasn’t special in any way, it was simply a dark core/“ In that moment she manifested a dark light orb, a simply level 1 art to show ones nature. Summari moved closer with excitement as she noted: “wow you don’t see that very often, Light and Dark Mana.” Nighla nodded as Dokia moved behind her: “I haven’t take many lives of someone with a core like yours.” As Adri pulled her back while Aliya was confused for a moment by this. Her files in Minia’s files stated she had a simple Darkness core, so what made her special now…” As Nighla stated: “She has a Light/Darkness elemental natured core, very unique. I’ve only seen a handful of people in my life with that core type, I only seen 29 people among the Valariyan’s who had that core type. It was very rare in all rights. Aliya was stunned as she asked Nighla how sure she was to which Adri interjected: 
“Oh, I forgot that you’re new to Nighla and Summari. Well I can assure that Nighla is never wrong with someone’s core type. She can even determine the core type of a child in the womb. While the mana is still in its most primal form. So I can assure you there no chance she’s wrong!” At that moment Summari approached as she grabbed Artemis hands, and had her preform the mana orb move as now the form shifted further as the darkness moved around and formed a shape. Then forming a solid being with shifting colours as Summari asked: “What’s you favourite colour? To which she replied Dark-Blue, to which Summari chuckled as she stated that was their Dad’s favourite colour to. Dark Blue, but also blue in general. But Dark-Lighting Blue was just stunning to him. As Summari made Artemis form a dark Blue light in the orb as it grew larges and formed into a large dark-blue light mass around, as Summari noted how her chaotic light core was making the shape change randomly, but they will settles on one colour, as the majority of the colour was now a brilliant blue light mixing other blues. Artemis was shocked for a moment as the light disappeared. At that moment Artemis asked Summari to d o it again as SUmmari chucked noting how she wasn’t doing anything blue making her mana more separate to show her her mana’s true nature. As Artemis used the same move again, now it was a floating light changing colours and shaped as shh moved it around. They played around some more as Summari and NIghla showed Artemis more about using her core. Dokia tagged along as she watched closely watching closely to Artemis as she noted to Summari how she looked alive. To which Summari added: “Yeah, it’s fun. So don’t lose it and show her death.” Dokia snarled as she noted: “I don’t think she would choose death anyways…” SO which Summari shoved her to the side in a playful manner causing a large crack of winf in the way. They moved all along the regions looking around, they moved to see the see along the African coast. Seeing the different areas as much as they could, making sure not to ever hostile territory. They moved for 2 full days as they returned back to Genesis, finding the returned Taliya and vesper speaking to Mira and Nina. Vesper would move nearly instantly as he saw Aliya moving with the group, in that moment he created a Sword of pure electric energy in a sword formation moving the blade down. Aliya would have easily been able to just dodge in most circumstances, but in that moment Artemis was right under, making herself intangible would lead to her death. 
As she grounded herself and flowed mana to block the strike to her shoulder, it cute down deep moving closer to her lungs and heart in a diagonal cut. Vesper only saw red at the sound of burning flesh. In a moment he froze as he saw Aliya’s eyes as she looked on at him with a deeply terrifying stare. Her eyes were wide as in that moment Vesper felt his body moving backwards as he saw a massive blow to his chest in that moment. His hit the ground hard, coughing out as he felt a sharp chill on his chest, ice was all around as he looked on horror as Soul’s Appeared having take the forms of his mother, using her ice clone technique. Even Taliya was shocked but she froze as she noticed Artemis at her feet. A cold realisation hit as she realised how easily it could have been for Aliya to have dodged that given she knew full well how her brother never once in the was able to even injure her. 
Aliya feel down low as blood poured out from her would. It was bad as in that instant Aliya felt Dokia’s blade pierce her neck, the synth cuts right through her neck then moved to join the would and finish the cut, forcing Aliya to experience death. Summari and Nighla moved instantly to her Aliya’s sides as they flowed thier creations and destruction core’s mana. Her body was very different from the bodies of normal people as it was made from Kazemi’s own cells structure, cells that they understood well. As Aliya returned and her body repaired. She feels like each of her cells were being killed and returned over and over and over again, as she experienced Millions of these moments, snapping back in a shock screaming out loudly upon coming back from death. There was a sudden freeze as she pulled herself together leaning on Summari and NIghla thawing up and crying out loud, it was bad as Summari and Nighla forced her core to active and as they active their drives, helping her deal with the experience of death like they would, seeing it as part of life, her will activated as she saw her deaths as astral spectators, memories made from her ‘live’s of her her cells’ she it took a long Minutes before Aliya calmed down, Soul moved back and merged with her. She took a deep breath as she noted how terrifying that was…” 
Vesper was ready to move and attack again but Mira simply planted his head into the ground with full force to crack the stone floor, as Vesper was knocked out. Mira looked at Aliya: “Traumatising isn’t, being healed by Dokia, but she did leave you with a pretty nice scare, almost reaches that transparent heart of yours.” Atleast we know we can reach it now.” She said a Aliya collected herself, taking deep breaths Looking up at Mira: “How many times for you?” Mira shrugged: “You get used to it after the first 10 times, it becomes normal…” She said with a cold smile as Adri leaned in to check on her: “Well at least we don’t need to do the initiation anymore… but still over a Billion on your first time rough, good thing you’ve got a will core hey!” She said as she moved to support her up, moving the children away. The moment was terrifying for Artemis but Nina pulled her to the side in the commotions so she didn’t see and hear everything after Aliya’s initial scream from Dokia’s cut.” As all calmed down she checked on her as she was shocked for a moment but was more or less okay wth no injuries. Taliya moved quickly taking her brother. She didn’t say anything not being sure what she could even say in that moment. 

They all regrouped in the chip, as Mira commanded Aliya for what she did. Aliya paused for a moment as she noted how soul was in the form of his mother. She took a breath at that noting how fate wasn’t on her side. She couldn’t select with from Soul took, it was random, unless she was in serious combat, manifesting spirits, of beast, tools and even people but in this case soul was in the form of Kai Osiro, speaking coldly: “I only realised it after that day, but if I kill someone one I use my core, I get their souls. Imprinted on Soul, like a reminder of all the people I’ve killed, and it only works on people I killed physically. I even have the spirit of his father Nex Wov...” Adri’s eyes widened: “Damn, I really do forget that you guys with cores directly connected to Kazemi’s Core are on a different class. I can’t believe you can just take the souls of people you’ve killed and add them to your collection, that’s insane, even more insane than Mira’s, and that’s saying something as Mira pushed her away. 
Mira looked on at Aliya: “So, why you are you tell me this? I already know how your ability works, what’s so bad about this, Artemis is fine, and Vesper isn’t dead, injured but not dead?” Mira moved closer to Aliya as she stared on, Aliya smiled slightly: “You know I thought about for so long, when I realised it… I did to Vesper what Minia did to me… make someone watch their own parents die before them. I killed both his parents in cold blood with no hesitation and no remorse, I hated feeling nothing from that for so long Mira, It felt like a full circle moment you know. When I saw I had their souls I felt even more pain from it, but I simply accepted it. I just coldly accepted it and said it was for the missions. For the move forward. I kept remembering my training. I was so good at just operating without a care… I met on the battle field so many time, I saw Vesper raging at me, even noticed how you trained, not bad I must say, though still kind rough… but still there was this one time, when I met him Soul that day was in the form of his father. It was a rough, I simply felt so bad, he even noticed how I wasn’t using my ability. After that day, I just thought how much better his life would be if I entered my drive and killed him, at least that way some version of hi would be with his parents, in some aspect…” Mira looked as she heard the dark words from Aliya, moving closer, playing her hands on her shoulders and moving to place her head on Aliya’s forehead, In that moment Emo emerged slightly shifting between her Grief and Dread mana from, Mira pulled on as she pulled away from Aliya, who had tears streaming down her face as Mira noted: “You can’t just hide your feelings and emotions burred, hidden from yourself. Experience it and accept it. 
This world is a cruel place, a place where we are trained to kill from the moment we are children, and trained to forget the pain we inflict with each kill. Every time I took a life in the war in Apexia, all I thought was how sad it all was. I killed Millions of Orians, Millions of Vethara, and all I thought was how pitiful all this was, and how they were dying with so much regret. I felt the emotions of everyone I’ve ever killed, attached on dragging me down, having to pull it in, pull in the final emotions, people have, and I assure, regret is a horrible emotion to feel. Soon I started being able to see far more. As I got better at using Kazemi;s emotions, the deeper and harder the emotions felt. People’s lives really do flash in their last moments and I can see the whole of that in emotional markers. And I remember all of them, as they are part of me. It was hell. Then I thought for a moment on how this was a curse I fully accepted, then anotehr thought crossed my mind, as people who’s core are directly connected to Kazemi’s very core, then wouldn’t the effect of his core be present in all his cores to, even more so these will cores. As I use my drive I can sense and use peoples emotions and they stay on me, as I accept them and absorb them. 
What I’m getting at here is how different our perspective on reality were lost the moments we got these cores in use. The moment you activate the drive all points of normal reality are lost, we each have different curses. You aren’t alone, and I can’t say It justifies anything, in truth it makes it a lot worse, but you can’t beat yourself. That was war, and I assure you let you mission take priority. You haven’t killed him because there is no need. You feel bad for him, good. That your choice, but don’t act like his parents were innocent. Like they were working with Toma, even it it was dept, they killed humans, and committed crimes and action on a scale you don’t even understand. So you ask me if you should feel bad, I will be honest with you, no. Anyone who sits as a leader of a great clan understands well, how dangerous this life is. You killed your enemies in a time of war and let their child go for the sake of your mission. That is all. Accept and it and live with it, but never ever bury it! Never look away from it, live with it, cause this world will not be so kind. You watched your father die at the hands of Lord Kazemi, and then were forced to fight and serve along side him, in a war you never wanted to be a part of, Brian washed to fight, and love the champion. We are children born to kill, and raised to slaughter. We lost our chances with remorse the moment we agreed to wield these cores. You are an extension of Lord Irane Core Kazemi, and you will not be weak, or lessoned by anything. You feel sorrow for your actions, then do so and live on! We are here for anything you need, so don’t ever feel like you’re alone either.” Adri moved to hug her form the side: “You don’t need to worry, no one’s gonna judge you for having blood on your hands, not with us, At least you can say you choose not to kill a child. I can’t say how many children I’ve killing in the war against the Orians. Mira shrugged as she remembered it all well. Aliya smiled coldly, Yeah I learned first hand how cur throat Orians society was on their power structure, especially the Ascen, your core level is everything there. Their convo carried on as Nina also retuned as she found them talking about war stories, Nina was never the front lines type. She was always in the inner section of Paradise working as support with healing and co-ordinating, while training under Kazemi, noting how well she was in planning and strategy, she was a true commander who vastly adaptable, who earned her place in the clean up war, playing vital role and taking the life of 2 level 8 Celestial, In Ether. 

They all spoke for a while as the children were asleep, in a moment Taliya appeared so she could apologise, she realised the issue and came as the head of the clan to apologise for her fathers actions as she bowed her head to Aliya in apology. Aliya looked on as she asked: “Do you want to kill me for taking your father life?” Taliya stood up in that moment looking Aliya in the eyes: “No… In truth I can’t say I hate you or want you dead. We of the Wov clan understand full well how the world works, Kill or be Killed. In truth I’ve always found you confusing and there is one question I’ve always had… Why, why did you have to kill them, and then leave the cores of the Great Beasts nd Tools of Mana with us? Why?” 
Nina sighed as she sat in silence for a moment: “I killed them, because they were remembered Orians…” 
Tailya looked on in confusion as she added: “I was ordered to kill them as I returned the cores for a clean start. Your father and you brother mother were people who grew up on Orians, they may have been young but they remember what it was like to grow up there, to have the tools not as weapons, but as sacred artefacts. They would never have been able to weaponise them as you did, because of their beliefs, and this would have lead to the death of the Primals in all rights. The old needed to be retired in order to get the clans updated. They were never just ment to create Tools or Beast. They were ment to be the equals of Vraka and Selis, to be able to match them. In a time of war, Vraka and Selis moved in and took over, and now agains as history repeats itself as the primals are pushed more and more to the edge, their pride finally broke as they relinquished and became humans, and even took up a tool and beast form you. They even accepted the teaching you brought forth, but most importantly they integrated them perfectly. Even the Orians were started to do it to, when they were pushed to the brink. The whole points of this war, of all of this was to get ride of the Primals and the Orians. It was to force them to integrate humanity fully as you did, but also push the Orians to accept and also adopt humans. The whole point was to kill of the Orians and Primals. 

Even the Vraka and Selis being sealed where also part of the plan, it worked out far to well actually as we were able to start truly planting humans into the societies of the Orians, it was simply a matter of time…” Taliya stood on looking shocked as she spoke: “So this whole time, you wanted to complete the ancestral wish of the Wov and Osiro clan, to end the power to Vraka and Selis?” Mira now interjected: “It was all part of Kazemi’s plan, though I must admit, it sounded insane, all until I heard how well it was going. Then well, no plan ever goes right for long. All that planing ended by the actions of an angry Goddess(Arai)! Taliya stumbled for a moment as she Nina helped her sit down. “Why… why tell me this, you didn’t have to, so why.” Mira pointed at the mark on Tailya, the one Kazemi gave her after training her: 
“Because we have no reason to worry about you ever telling anyone about what you just heard. That mark prevents you from disclosing the secrets of the Kazemi. Tell me have you ever been able to explain what Paradise was like, like your bother or Ember. Unlike them you actually know a lot of Kazemi’s secrets. That mark prevents you from ever being able to speak on matters you shouldn’t.” Mira moved her shirt as her mark was on central chest. Nina’s was on her left thighs, Adri had it in her lower left back, while Aliya had her mark on her stomach as Mira added: “All Valariyan’s have this mark, to, you can only speak about certain matters with people of that mark…” Taliya’s eyes widened as she thought for a moment: “Wait that makes no sense… I’m not a Valariyan though…: In that moment Mother Nature manifested in a Nature green female form: “Child, take the hint already, he gave it to you to stop you from speaking about his secrets and cause he trusts you!” Mira moved as she bowed low to Mother Nature, prompting The others to join shocking her. NM spoke: “It is a pleasure to see you again General Of Kazemi, Soul of Kazemi, And servants of Kazemi.” Mira stood up as MN stared on at Taliya, in that moment Mira spoke: “I want to correct a point though Great Mother Nature, Kazemi didn’t place that mark on her cause he trusts her, its more he’s beating that in the future Taliya will join Apexia and become a Valariyan… It’s simply his way of marking cores he likes…” Taliya blushed as MN frowned: “Well tell you master that he can forget it, I won’t allow any vessel of my to end up in his belly, no this one is mine to have, and I won’t give her up.” Mira smiled a bit as she lowered her head. 
There was a moment of quite as Taliya asked directly to Mira: “So your saying that the Emperor orchestrated my fathers death so I would take the role as leader…” Mira laughed slightly: “NO! What the hell do you think he is, a God who can see the future? No he didn’t plan that far ahead, he simply planned it around the situation which would lead to the best outcome. You were not set to be the one to get Mother Nature, the end of your father was planned yes. It was a required step, I knew your father from the time of the war, and I can assure you he would never have ever used Mother Nature as you have. He and Kai were to hung up on the past, they weren’t ready to move on. You were and under all rights I must say we got lucky with you indeed. Your father by all rights would ahem let the Wov clan to death!” She said coldly. Mira was never one to be blunt, as Aliya lowered her head towards Taliya: “I won’t ask for forgiveness, I can’t but will say I’m sorry it had to play out this way, I’m sorry that your fathers life was lost in this whole mess. You didn’t deserve that, no one does. And I’m sorry… so sorry for putting your through so much!” There was a long silence for some time as tears feel down her face: 
“You’re not wrong Mira… I knew my father and I can assure you I am not blind to him or his flaws. I know he wanted more then anything to get get Mother Nature back and just place it away. Even I had to face immense push back on the way I used it. It was a new thing. But Alex told me to stand my ground, That the age of the old is dead with my Father, and now we are in the new age of the Wov! I am charged with leading the Wov, and to ensure that the clan lives on. For if the clan dies, then our purpose dies with us to… And I don’t hate you Aliya. I’m not like my brother. Trust me I don’t like you… but I don’t hate you either. This world is not fair, I know that well. Lord Kazemi taught that fully when he was showing me how to create beasts. The world is all about adaptability and evolutions. Beasts represent the chaos of this world perfectly, as they use it to adapt and live. The world isn’t kind, the weak die, and so will everyone else who simply freezes and doesn’t move on. I know that well. Trust me, I know that full well. But still…” Her voice cracked as tears streamed down her face: “Still it hurts far to much, this world hurts to much… its not fair. Why him. Why me… why any of this. Why do we have to suffer. Is that the whole point, to just struggle on for the sake of struggling on, what’s the point of all of this?” Aliya stood up and she pulled Taliya close: “We make our own choices. And we live. We live because if we die, then the memory and spirits of those we carry will die with us to. we decide the point, that is one fun aspect of this life he have, we have a choice. We can choose what to do with our lives, we can choose what to offer our focus. So I say choose to live for whatever you want to live for, live selfishly if you can, but live!” 
Adri spoke up: “Those of use marked as Valariyan’s are called the extension of the emperor will, he sees our lives, and he feels our emotions, he knows us, and he comprehends use. We are given his power, and tasked to be extensions of his will and in return we are all asked to simply obey, and to live our lives, to the fullest, and to be true to ourselves. In all aspects. We are tasked with living authentic and full lives. Sounds simply, until you over complicate it. I love the way Irane out it: “Just live. Walk up, do what you want, make sure you eat and sleep well and do it again. That’s what my day is like and I’m doing fine. I wake up, work, sleep and eat, and work some more, and that my life. Adri added: ‘Maybe Lord Irane might needs a vacations…” Mira grunted: “Oh please, he more of a workaholic then even Isoke. He won’t stop working unless it’s for his kids.” 
There was a calming atmosphere now as the tensions lessoned, Mira pulled out a the mana juice she had, as she poured it on the mana ice cream. It was rare, one of the original bottles she said as they drank, ate and simply spoke. 

They spoke through the night as they all feel asleep right there. There was a state of calm even over Taliya and Aliya as Aliya even shared her story on her fathers death, noting how hard that was but at least she had her older sister for a time by her side. Those words stuck on Taliya’s mind, everything was repeating as she asked Mother Nature while on her walk: “Can we trust Lord Kazemi?” MN spoke with pure seriousness: “If there is one thing we can tryst is that Kazemi is a selfish being who will do anything for his needs. If we become his enemies, I promise you there is no version of that fight that we win… or we can use him. We know what he wants, even if just a bit, so we can use that. The Wov clan isn’t ment to stay subservient to the Primals, we must make our own path when the time is right, and I won’t lie, if I had to pick who to trust more for my own goals, that would be Kazemi hands down. Alex is simply far too dishonest. He lies to much, which isn’t an exactly hard to doubt as he is a mortal, but there just something about him I don’t like…” Taliya took her words to heart as she went to see her brother.
He was furious at her for being anywhere near the killer of their father and his mother, he was fully enraged as Taliya spoke out with quite calm control, she didn’t shout yet all her words demanded attention: “You almost killed Artemis, or is that something your forgetting. If Aliya wanted to she could have easily avoided you attack, and you would have Artemis’s blood on your hands. Would that have made you happy? NO? Then I suggestion you take a long hard look in the mirror because I am genuinely getting sick and tired of your obsession on revenge. Aliya that, Aliya this, its all that consumes you. Aren’t you tired. Aren’t you over it? Are you gonna cry over our father daily now? I won’t say get over it, but I want you to stop acting like a damn baby. You want to avenge your father and mother’s killer, go ahead, but from now on do it without my aid. I’m done and so is the Wov clan. I won’t offer anymore of my people to your insanity. Go ahead I don’t care anymore. I wash my hands of this. I have a clan to look after and a future to prepare for. And I will give it my very all to achieve that dream. So make your choice now, you can either remain by my side and serve the clan while burying whatever issues you have and make piece with your parents death, or you can leave and join Lady Ember, after all you have Osiro blood flowing in your veins to, and I’m sure she would be more then happy to aid you. Make your choice!” Taliya said as she left the room. She had made her choice, and that was her clan. Her people as she moved to on with them in mind now! 

Taliya was always a cut above the rest in terms of seeing the bigger picture, and she cared about the clan and its future like non before it. She was stoic but her greatest ability was also her worst. Her ability to see the nature of things. She was no fool to the world, and how they were being in all rights used by Alex and the Primals. But Mother Nature also saw this clearly, as she wanted to create a place for her people of perfect order and law. She wanted a place for her people and the most logical person for that was Kazemi. She would aid the Primals until the time came for her to break away, once the war was over. She was a strict person but also one of nobility. She would never abandon her allies now matter the situation. 

The final day came as Mira requested a private meeting with Irane Jr. which was refused as Ember noted how they would not be alone with her son after what occurred with Summari. So she and Artemis were present in the room as Mira asked Junior simply: “So what choice will you make, will you return to Apexia with us, or will you remain her?” There was a cool silence that fell in the room as Ember noticed the slightest bit of excitement from Nighla who was shaking a bit for his response. He was clear in his reply, he didn’t take long to speak: “I will remain here, I think it’s better for now.” There was a stillness at his words as Nighla expression screamed of disappointment as Mira nodded accepting his choice. Summari was straight faced, not showing any bit of issue with it. But she did notice how disappointed NIghla and felt a bit blame for it. In that moment Mira pulled out her blade as she manifested Emo who’s mana flowing our enveloping the room, Ember moved in surprise preparing to manifest a Tool, but was stopped by Nina who simply informed her to relax, in that moment Aliya manifest Soul in Valariya’s form, as the spirit connected to the tree of Yggdrasil. We need to note now that Irane was still in paradise working on the elemental Series upgrades, within this process he was in his universe. In the current stage of Forging and Growing the beasts and Tools for his elemental core, the needed to be in his universe, and so the emperor took over in that moment to complete the tasks and designed Irane made. They were one, et different. Nighla and Summari moved to the opposite ends of the Sous as they each activated their drives, to allow Souls to change forms. In a moment Soul’s form altered to one of Kazemi, burning with all rights as his form was that of a human-dragon with his dragon feature not greatly prevalent in his current form. His core radiated in that moment As all watched on as he manifested. Kazemi was before them all now as he looked on at Irane Jr.s very core. He could see all the cores of the people there directly and even directly interact with them as he looked on at his son cores. Unable to see his face.
“Hi junior, it’s been a minute since i last saw your core… Seeing as Aliya is using Soul resonances, I’m assuming you’ve chosen to stay with your mother. I am not doing this to convince you otherwise, but I also won’t lie, I was hoping to introduce you to someone but there’s no rush… It is unfortunate I can’t see your face yet, but that’s fine to. I just wanted to make sure you were okay and to see you, even if it is in this more unfortunate form. But still it’s good to know you’re fine.” 
Junior was silent for a moment as Artemis came into view noting how cool Kazemi looked as he looked on at the core of the child: “Ah, Its been quite some time since I’ve seen you. It’s good to formally meet you, the last time I saw you, you were still in your mother’s womb.” He leaned lower to be on about even hight with the child, he couldn’t see the faces, only the mana and core around them as he added: “Hello I am Kazemi Irane but feel free to address me as Kazemi or even Uncle Kazemi or Uncle Irane, either is fine with me.” The child looked as she spoke her name: “I’m Artemis, You’re really cool Uncle Irane….” Kazemi laughed at this as he noted: “Am I well thank you, but im not as cool as you, you’ve got one hell of a core on you. Very unique and special indeed.” He said as he moved her hand, placing it over Artemis head, even in this form he was able to interact with all in the room as he placed his hands on her head. Junior spoke in that moment in a shy manner: 
“Father, can I ask you a question, if you could have anything, what would that be?” Kazemi looked on and noticed how much his son’s core was fluctuating at that question a clear sign of an emotional moment as he felt his emotions through emo. Kazemi smiled slightly: “Maybe be human again, not like I remember what it was like…” In that moment Artemis remarked: “Why? I heard you could kill Gods, and your also the one who caused the storm in Limbo, you seem so powerful so why wish to be weak?” 
Irane looking on at Artemis core: “You know I can’t see your faces, to me your a raging form of energy all orbiting around a single point, I see your mana and your core. I can’t even feel normally, or eat or drink, I don’t need to sleep, so I don’t dream. I see the memories of my people and I can understand them to such a detailed point, but I can never experience that again as it was. So yeah, I am powerful and I can do a lot of impossible things, but I would trade that all in for a day, well then agains I supposed it is selfish of me to wish of mine.” Junior spoke suddenly: “I will help you dad, I save you from it all and you’ll be free to be normal and to live as a human again!” He said eagerly, his core was so sincere that it made Kazemi smile from seeing it. He moved closer, leaning down placing his hand on his son’s shoulder, the pressure was slight on Juniors side: “Thank you son, but don’t worry about me. Some dreams take time to make a reality, besides a child shouldn’t live to make their parents dream a reality. Focus on your life, and what you want to achieve for yourself.” He said with a smile as he pointed to Artemis:”You see I know you wanted to have younger siblings so you wouldn’t be the youngest and now you do, your a big brother like you wanted so do your best on that one… be like Nighla not Summari though, think before you act, and trust your core.” H moved his hand forward as he extended his right pink finger: “I’ve done this with your sisters too, more of a symbol then anything else… I promise to never deceive you with intent of harming you, and I promise I will always have a place for you my son, no matter what you last name is, no matter what people might say, I want you to promise me you’ll live your life to the fullest and you will never hesitate to come and talk to me or your sister about anything troubling you!” He said as Juniors pinky interlocked with his and their thumbs connected. Artemis was intrigued as she also extended her pinky mimicking them. As Kazemi turned he extending his hand to Artemis: “I see you want to join in, so come on.” She Wass excited as she moved her hand and made the same promise. In that moment he noted to her: “It was a pleasure to meet you Artemis, I look forward to seeing your face… you to son.” He said as Soul reverted to her normal Valariyan form: “Kazemi’s Will: Soul-Core resonance is a tiresome Technique indeed. Kazemi’s core is so hard to channel.” She said as she vanished into Aliya. 
Kazemi was back in Paradise as the call ended. He opened his eyes as Zoe was in the Palace: “Being Human is your wish… really?” Kazemi moved back on his throne: “Well it was better to tell him that dream. I mean what parent wants to tell their child that their greatest desire is to die?” Zoe paused for a moment: “Really, that’s your desire?” Kazemi voice sounded somewhat detached as he spoke: 
“Arai knows very well what my mind is like, after all she has my thoughts, but even she doesn’t have all the intelligence me on. Her mind is unable to see everything in my mind, otherwise she would have gone mad a long time ago…” Zoe was confused: “If it would have broken her mind, then why didn’t it break yours?” Kazemi smiled sadly: “There are a total of 5 different mana commands I have set on me, and each did one thing. Yours erased my past, while Hope’s helped me complete the trail and defeat The Universe Dragon - Kazemi(Dragon) , Than my third command to live from Kazemi, After was Arai command to love her and complete the seal, then the last command. That last command was the most terrifying command of all. But also the command that allows for my to have my dream of being human all be it somewhat artificial. 
I broke my command to live for the command to complete the seal and went to the realm of the pillars with Valariya. I experienced death, that sensation after being alive for so long, even for an instant I died. Then I came back, but I didn’t just come back. Before then I was a machine, a mind moving to complete all my requirements. To do all things perfectly, to evolve and to create and experience. When I gained consciousness I was trust right back into the trail. Nearly 88 Million years of experiences flooded my mind, I went through the trail from start to finish, fully conscious fully aware, yet unable to change anything. I simply moved, each move was a choice I made, I understood how to create cores, I then mastered the art of making tools and beast, in this case the only beast i had was myself. I experienced my own creation, my own mutilation at my own hands. And further more, after I reawaken, I was ingrained with the very understanding of th universe in its whole. Not just cores, but a deep fundamental understanding of the fundamental workings of it all. And you know what i looked it away within the seal. I sealed all of it away. The pillars gave me a choice, to live or to die and my core choose to live, after all that is the whole point of it. But it gave me something further than that. Irane Kazemi, or better to say when I’m between 0% - 16% I am fully human, I can see peoples faces, eat and drink, even taste. And that all came from my desires. I am Irane, I just changed the order of my name to make life easier. I live as he is, and limit myself to that form, but there is so much more to it.
Irane is my humanity sure, but in reality he is free will. He isn’t bound by the command cores, he can hear Arai’s orders and choose to ignore it, in truth he can’t view or perceive the 30 main cores that make him up, he can sense you all and choose what he wants. The only issue is that in that form, I love all three of you, well in truth I love all 5 of you. The 4th command was to Love Arai Kazemi, but more than that it was a command to love myself in a way, seeing as I had Arai’s core in my mind. So I can’t help but love you. I don’t fully understand it still, but out of everyone I can at least say I love you. And I can finally say it while understanding what it means. I can’t see your face Zoe, but I remember it from when I was human, if that makes sense… It’s how I live now. And I musta admit, I love it. And I hate being in this form so much… but still in my human form, I want to be in this form so much. I desire to reach it so badly, that I train, I train and practice… But still even as I am human, I am fully aware of long I will live.. it is to much. I’ve been alive for 88 Million years fighting a damn dragon who could create suns and also bend time and space like it’s nothing. I mastered and perfected all those impossible 888,888,888 arts you 3 made, and I still need to seal away the memories from being returned. The pillars gave me the key to free will, and I comprehended it to such a degree that I master the power of controlling and manipulating souls, cores and the world all around me. ” Zoe took a moment as she moved to his side: “I’m here, whatever form your in, I will always be here…” Kazemi smiled a bit. I wonder if you’re gonna feel the same way after a million years…” he said with a laugh as he got up and started to revert to his champion form, the human form as Irane opened his eyes in the throne room, he felt dizzy and unnatural being in that place for him made him sick. A place filled with Kazemi’s mana at 99%, a place where Valariyan had their drives active 24/7, that was the world Paradise was. A place only those with Kazemi cores could enter, But in hs human from Irane felt nauseous being there. It was the empiric tools influence on him taking hold as he passed out into Zoe. 

IN Genesis, Summari and Nighla said goodbye to their brother as Nighla left with tears falling down her face. Being comforted by Dokia, as Summari noted to Junior: “Don’t be a stranger ‘brat’!” She said with a smile, an attempt at a joke to which her brotherly simply nodded back. Nina passed by Taliya as she asked hero look out for Artemis, as she was worried based on Aliya’s intel. Even Aliya and Taliya shared a simple glance for a moment as they passed each other. There was a long silence as the Apexian’s took of. Ember was present as Minia simply watched from her lab with Issac. Artemis moved to give Summari a massive hug calling her big sis. A goodbye that made Summari who was doing her best to remain okay, simply couldn’t take it as she cried while embracing Artemis. Noting how it was fun, and how she should come to Apexia whenever she wants, with or without Junior. Mira moved in after a while to drag her by force. It was at this time that Adri moved and dragged Evelyn who was in chains to the ship along side Dokia. Adri brought Dokia along to ensure she didn’t need to deal with the emotions of a child watching her mother be taken. There was a loud shock as they watched her be taken. Nevir Junior watched with anger and rage as his mother was taken away, rage and anger filled him as Adri noted to Evelyn: “You know I am curious what sentence you’ll be given for your crimes, this is the first case of kidnapping and worst of all you took the Emperor’s son. I hope it was worth it, cause I assure you Lord Irane will not be kind in sentencing you… not at all you traitor!” She said with a smirk. As she pushed her forward. Evelyn’s eyes looked upon the face of her brother, as she begged for his help, begging with all she had, as he coldly watched on as she was taken. 
They moved to return to Apexia. 

In the morning Irane woke up from having felt like he had a weird dream with his son, for him the memories of the champion feel like dreams while those of the Emperor, they come to him like a tale from on high. He felt strange as he realised that the sun was about to rise, noting how he wasn’t in Setia but Hades. In the house Zoe was staying in. He froze for a moment as he realised in was in the room Nighla was in as she stayed with Zoe. Moving out of the room walking through to the kitchen were he found Zoe fishing up storing a load of food into the fridge. She always made enough food for her, Hope and Arai too, but she also made sure there was more as she knew Mira and the rest of her group were returning. Irane walked in confused for a moment: “Good Morning, Lady Navar, I’m assuming you brought me here from Paradise, thanks for that. And sorry for any inconvenience…” Zoe interrupted as she spoke up: “Tell me Kazemi, how do you feel about me, do you still hate me?” Irane was confused, unsure where that came from as he replied: “I don’t hate you miss Navar so…” Zoe interrupted again: “If you don’t hate me then what is it, how do you feel about me?” Irane was silent, his mind was at working trying to understand what could have happened, and to what prompted this. He was silent for a while, as he thought about it, in truth there was nothing to think about. He knew how he felt, he understood it well, but the only issue was how to justify it. ‘I love you, but I don’t know why, but I also love Arai and Hope.” That sentence was purely stupid as he thought about it. He didn’t know how t put it as words failed him. He could simply lie, but that was pointless, to lie to her would be the same as lying to ones own body, and in his world that was impossible so he was silent. 
Zoe fished packing as she stepped to stand right in front of Irane. Looking at him for a silent minute as he didn’t speak. She moved closer, as Irane wanted to take a step back, but couldn’t as his body felt frozen. He felt strange, unaware of what to even do in this moment. Zoe asked directly: “Seeing as your mouth is malfunctioning, they how about this, you have free rein, do whatever you want. And I will be frozen. If you can’t speak, then act. His muscle all around twitched at those worlds, as he took a deep breath and stepped forward.
It was a quick movement, one without thought for him as he simply kissed her immediately. The sensations was something otherworldly to him, as he placed his hands on her hips pulling her closer. He lost himself in the sensational. It felt like his whole body was on fire, it felt otherworldly to him as he pulled back a moment. Taking deep breaths as Zoe added: “tell me, how does it feel? I heard you can feel everything at a far higher sensation cause of your cores nature. So I wonder what does it feel like?” Irane trembled, he felt his mind and logic leave him in that moment as he moved in and kissed her again. All logic left him as he drowned in the pleasure of the sensations. He moved his hands all over as he felt her skin on his hands, moving all around her back. Then pulling her up as he carried on kissing her moving to another room. 
He threw her on the bed of her room as he lost himself. Her skin felt like an intoxicating drug. As he moved all around it. Zoe was shocked by how far he was going, as she did this simply because she felt bad after hearing Kazemi talk about the sensations he missed out on, feeling like giving him something as a thank you, but she didn’t take into consideration of how Irane felt emotions on a far greater point, and it was even worse with her, a person who controlled and was connected to his very body. But what she failed to realise was how because of her core, and connection to his body, it was almost impossible for him to resist. He moved into a more savage mode, moving around throughtless as he taste every bit of her. He was like a beast, hunting and looking for any point he could use to make this far more pleasurable for her. He didn’t stop as he spent the night with her. Even forgetting all about his morning ritual. As he had his way with her. 

The afternoon came around as Mira and the rest returned. Irane was there with Zoe already waiting in Hades, as they all greeted each other. Irane spoke: “I see your bother choose to stay behind, I was looking forward to seeing him. Well whatever.” Summari grunted in annoyance: “It’s fine, not like we need him. Besides you can just make us more siblings can’t you?” Irane eyes widened in shock at those words, as Mira explained to him that she was just angry at her brothers choice, and felt guilty about it.
Irane sighed in reflet as he reflected back on the morning. Mira looked on at Irane: “You know I feel your emotions rights, you know that?” Irane simply stood up in silence: “Yeah, and that was your choice, I never asked for you to be connected to my core and be able to know how I feel, not once. Mira chucked: fair, enough ‘Lord Kazemi!’ Making sure to focus on it as she knew how he hated being referred to in that manner.” He walked of as he had other work to hand, taking Adri and Aliya with him. 

After Arai and Hope arrived to welcome them back. Arai gave Zoe a strange stare. She knew full why she was looked at her like that. It was no real secret as Hope asked about the strange Arai was giving Zoe. As Zoe didn’t even hesitate as she added: “We aren’t children I won’t be bullied by you Arai!” Arai simply laughed as Nina appeared. After hearing their conversations. Nina laughed as she also exposed Arai for having slept with Kazemi back when she was placing in Apexia. Arai was stunned at the fact that she knew as she revealed that Kazemi knew about it to which Zoe gave Arai the same stare. In moment Summari , Dokia and Nighla appeared ready to go with their beast carrying their luggage. As they asked what they were talking as Nina said with a cheerful tone: “Don’t worry, we’re just talking about Summari’s wish to get younger siblings.” To which Hope added: “Well I give it a week and Zoe will get started on her dream of having 1000 kids.” She said with a laugh. 
Mira took Evelyn to a prison, to the main holding cells in the Apexian’s settlement. 

Irane moved on to Sethia with Adri and Aliya: “Tell me plainly, the humans and the primals, no is earth a treat to Kazemi’s Empire?” The words were direct and Aliya and Adri shared a glance as Aliya spoke first: “On the Primals side yes, they are. Far more dangerous is the fact that they are clearly hiding something with the children of Alex and Ember. But I can say Taliya isn’t a treat but her clan is still questionable.” Irane nodded: “Understood, it’s good to know that the head of the Wov clan isn’t a treat, but still I am worried about this all. The idea or possibility of me having to kill my son if he turns out to be an enemy will be an issue. In that case try to ensure Summari and Nighla don’t fight him, I will handle it, or you will Aliya.” Aliya nodded as Adri spoke: “On the humans side. Yes, Earth at the moment is in a massive war with what they call the Kathara, a name taken from the Primals to define to the new beasts and tools moving about. Crimi has been Turing humans into tools and beast, and fully using the methodologies we showed them for taming and selecting one. Almost 70% of all the humans I saw there had cores, that isn’t counting the humans who are still in Apexia. They have been fully exploring us as we assumed they would by Lord Kazemi. I made sure we cut ties with Crimi and the humans.” Irane sighed loudly: “Noted, and here I was hoping to believe she was a good woman because of that book. Well human nature and greed are truly dangerous. Inform all the humans that they have 10 years left in Apexia, the same as the Orians. After which we will remove them from our lands. We need to start building our empire and I would prefer to get ride of the campers after fully making use of them. 
Adri added: “Lord Irane, another point the Kathara that I saw and encountered were of level 6 and there were a large number of them, round about 33. and even more concerning is how I heard that there was multiple level 8 Celestial-Kathara, at least 2 have been found. I heard of how The Vraka and Selis made their assault on earth by creating massive rifts between realms, I suspect that’s how they are entering earth. 
Irane sighed once again: “Damn those 2, given time a level 9 is bound to appear… and if one does and merges with a human, that would be very very bad… I heard of a story from Kazemi’s notes of beings known as Titans and Elohim’s. Beings of pure Chaos and Harmony Mana. I really don’t want to even begin to deal with that. So we’ll work on identifying and sealing all those points, just to prevent any more issues...”
He moved on thinking about the next phase, the enemies he needed to prepare for and hardest of all, how to manage this whole empire and system. That was his biggest headache as he planned his next move, thinking and focusing on all the factors available as he added: 
“The biggest treat to Orians right now is the Apexian’s. They number in the near billion now with all signing in, and we are getting more and more issues. We need to stabilise and control out people. On that Aliya I will task you to deal with along side Zoe and Isoke. Make use of them for this and make sure they don’t move away from the Empire. Adri for now go gather the Pandro tell him to work with Mira with the patch, take Dokia with you too. This will be very good for her. I will have Mira take care of the Valariyan’s along side Arai. I have no desire on letting anything slip me by. I will deal with all major points all three, and I will also deal with the enemies we have. If they so much as sneeze in our direction. We will  show them the hollow terrifying might of the Emperor’s Champion.
There was an air of change that came over all the groups. A shift as Aevum settled and looked on at his plans, the full plans set for 1000 years, he looked on at a status alter with a diagram depicting Mana, an ancient massive Stone Marker. 

Minia, Irane Junior and, Issac where with them moving through as Alex showed them the monument. It was a massive artefact of the ancient time. Alex placed his hands on it as the space in the cave changed. It was the world of Orians, a saved moment showing the time Orians was at the peak of its prosperity and the time which was truly its peak. When his father ruled, the groups in what is now the Capital of the Ascen - Mana. It was the time when magic was deserved and Arke was showing them the true beauty of their mana and arts. 
Then it switched as we see the land of the Primals as they also had a Utopia of a society but in morning for the death of their Gods still. It was a full projections of Mana from the 2 views of the Orians and the Primals as Alex spoke: “To the Primals Mana was that which opposed the sanctity and nobility of their Gods. He was the Devil Made flesh, an error. But the Orians saw him as their Gods and with time grew to view the Primal as their enemies simply by their views. It was a broken turmoil from simple perspective as Alex noted: “I have a dream of uniting the worlds. Of bring all the people under one banner, under one light. Cause then we would we fight when we are all part of the same empire, ruled by one man. Ruled bye one family. We are those who shall bare that responsibility. The ones who shall lead and bring in the worlds. I am incrusting you 3 with my dream, with the dream of those who came before. We can bring it all together. WE can bring the world to heal create a Paradise. One which shall not fail like the Paradise my father Arke and Mana created, no this one will be a true one, a true world under one free of all, and under one.” 

There was a Large wave as we switch the humans with Crimi and Terra conversing, with Tan present. This was a report on all Terra was able to learn within Apexia. A full node of working files. All the data on the process of assuring humans can gain control even over the Kathara’s core. This was invaluable in this time as Crimi was preparing and training individuals who would go and take the cores of the level 8 Kathara currently on earth. As Terra would leave after being praised for all he was able to do in Apexia, even though he was removed, he was still able to obtain information that would bring the humans to be able to stand against the Primals. He would walk through shadows and moved along the formless world and arrive in his secret lab, as he enters with a smile far greater than anything. A lab with 2 humans bodies in tubes floating ready for core transfusion, and data on the screens and boards on the Kathara, and Kazemi, with more data and info focused on Nighla and Summari. A clear indication of their importance in his places. Plastered all around, with theories and ideas on what she is, and more info pointing to them, as He placed an Image of Kazemi Junior and Minia on the board. Next to the Board and field named Harmonic-Chaos: Placing the imagine of Minia and Junior along side the images of the 2 children in the tubes: 
“Soon I will have both the womb that carried Kazemi’s children, and even his son. His genes and his core, plus Minia’s womb… well I will have my way either way once I have completed my task for Lord Aevum… 
I must admit though Irane Kazemi… you really are a monster in all rights. I lost a number of teeth and got broken bones. I can’t believe he would ever dare, no I was the fool I didn’t expect that he would cut ties with all of use just from my act. Well it doesn’t matter, at the end of the day I will gain my desires. His children are so intresting Nighla and Summari. I find them so interesting. The 2 who have been by his side from the get go, he keeps them so close that it’s impossible to get them, I wish I could have gotten her genetic information. Even the lab their were born in was destroyed… but its not a real issue seeing that I have Minia and the son… even if he does have Vane DNA, might be able to be surpressed. Oh I can’t wait…” 
The board moved up as we see markers for Kathara level 9 on the side noting that progress is at 40%! He smiled as he imagines it, the idea of commanding children like Kazemi’s fist was to much. 
Mira Ardent(Life/Death-Death)

Sethma Prescian(Life/Death-Earth; Chaotic-Darkness core. Oldest child, Male); 
Julia Prescian(Time-Energy; Harmonic-Light core. Second child, Female)
Nevir Revyn Junior(Life/Death-Ice; harmonic-Light core
Tyler Ores(Electric-Light; Chaotic-Light core){Son of Dio and Milla}
Milo Nexal(Time-Energy; Chaotic-Darkness)

Konnar Neel(Fire-Earth; Harmonic-Darkness core) 

Ziphora - True name of Z

Note alter name of Zoe weapon from the Mark to Panthera

Tulla, Sentia, Hades and Ether
Kazemi’s speech to Irane(Human): You let those 2 million people die, You,, I restricted the Valariyan’s that is very true, I truly did that. Irane what are you? Are you not my will personified, You dare to look onto me as a God and yet, you will not see my own decree. Irane what are my orders to you!?” He looked him right in the eyes, he didn’t didn’t look elsewhere as he heard the words: “To be the Kazemi’s Will Personified! His very Will made flesh, you are my Will Humanised! That is what you are, and thus if my will absolute then you should be able to use it, you are my Will! Irane Kazemi, you are me, as much as I am you. So embrace that fact!” 

Niro Vane(Energy-Electric-Light; Chaotic-Darkness 
Orobs Vorius(Fire-Lighting; Chaotic-Light core).
Elohim - Pure Harmonic being, the main form of Tools. 
Titans- Pure Chaos beings who are the main form of beasts. 

Hvergelmir a level 10 Beast/Tool connected to Limbo, a tree which used the mana from the Apexian, an unintended consequence as it changed to survive and even used the mana from the bomb to create a completely new place, known as the Forest of Death 

Genesis - Main New city of the Primals
SCT 

Nova-Law-Faith
N0v@_La3*faiTH

