Part 6: Rise - Kazemi’s Empire
Part 6.1: A world in process. 

It had been a day since the events of Emo’s rampage as Simon returned to inform the rest of them on the events that had taken place in the outside word ever since they wound up on the island. Simon returned in what seemed to be worry, he held a meeting where Arai, Hope, Zoe, Assa, Rui, Milla, Leo, Dio, Mira, Aliya, Pandro, Gran-Gran and Irane were all present as Simon spoke as he explained in what occurred: 
“Toma is making a move on the Primals. The last few months he has restored his position as the head of the Primals now. Since the disappearance of 8(He says as he looks at Irane who is watching over Summari, Nighla and, Dokia who are all playing near the corner in the room), as well as Cai not returning has put the Primals of Paradise in a very sticky position, they have been fighting against the Ferali and Celestials from Vraka and Selis who have no focused their attention on them to grow their numbers and strength. For their conflict.” 
Everyone looked at Simon in silence while Irane seemed unbothered as he seemed more preoccupied by the babies playing as Hope added: “Are they okay, the Primals?” She asked while looking the most concerned out of all 3, as Simon replied: “They are in such a bad position that they have agreed to meet with the Primals of Heaven Toma, Minia and the elders of the Revyn and Prescian clans, they will most likely make a deal that weaken them!” As he said this Hope seemed even more hurt by the words. Arai added to break the momentary silence: “What about the Orians? Are they still in war?” Simon looked down and swallowed as he replied back: “Lord Niro has decided to move himself, he has officially started to until the Orians, the Ascen, the Alam and the Spirits. All three seem to combining and working in tendum with Niro at the helm. Once they are fully unified they will most likely destroy the Primals of Heaven. Toma has made some moved to slow them down but it isn’t likely that he will succeed much, Now that he can focus so much of his. Energy on building his forced, he most likely is going to destroy them completely with all his forces, I suspect that the Primals and the Orians will wage one final battle against each other, and mean while the Arke’s will assault the Primals of Heaven and end them.” He looked down deeply as he added: “This is going to end in the next encounter, the Primals of Heaven under Toma, against the full forces of Orians. I don’t know who will win anymore, and that is what scares me the most, that simply Unknown!” 
A brief silence feel as they all stared at each other, as Zoe added: “Is there really nothing we can do? I mean we need to save as many lives as we can, shouldn’t we?” Her question made Simon look down again, he didn’t want to be the one to say it, as Arai codly added: “This is war, there is no version of this were alot of blood won’t be speared, I don’t know what the best move is.” Again silence as they all looked at each other. None knew what the best move or what the needed action was moving forward as Hope wanted to return to Paradise and protect the people, while Zoe wanted to help the Primals and Orians, and even more the humans, she didn’t want to spill blood as Arai interjected her: “You’re too nice, you both(Hope and Zoe) seem to forget we are Orians, not Primals. We could try to remake the form of Cai but even than it just means they will have their leader back but it won’t stop all the fighting. It will never end…” As she said, it made Hope and Zoe grip their fist and teeth, They didn’t like being this weak, this unable to do what was needed as Simon stated: “We can’t save everyone and we can’t save anyone either…” As he said this Irane finally spoke up: “You’re all complicating this so much don’t you think?” His words cut through the room as they all looked at him in the corner, as he continued: 
“So let’s see: Hope wants to protect the people of Paradise, while Zoe wants to end this war with as little blood shed as possible. Which begs the final question, what do you want to do Arai?” He said as all looked at Arai. She assumed he was trying to put her in the spot light. She looked at them and then closed her eyes for a moment, silence fell as they all stared in confusion as Hope added: “Be patient, she’s thinking!” To everyone in the room. What exactly would she say, as she opens her eyes and looks at everyone there for a moment she looked at Milla and Aliya, the to Hope and Zoe for some time as she added: “I want to… I want to also protect everyone.” She said calmly as Irane made a loud noise of what seemed like laughter, as he stopped himself, it caught everyone in the room of guard as he said: “That’s not his this works, that little goal is what you want but that doesn’t really fit you fully. Hope and Zoe desire are things they can out their cores into completely, yours well to be frank that goal is not what you truly want.” He grabbed Summari, Nighla and Dokia from the floor, with his 3rd paid of wings and his tail around Dokia as he walked and stood right behind Arai as he spoke while being right next to her head: “The desires of the heart and body, shouldn’t alter the desires of the mind! So tell me ‘master of my mind’ what do you truly desire?” As he looked at her, she looked again at the others there, she stared for a moment as she spoke, he voice was solid and load, there was no room for doubt as she spoke directly: “I… I want the twins of Vraka and Selis to suffer for all they put us through, Vane and More aswell, even the Minia I want them all to die… now death is far to go a price for them, I want them to truly suffer!” He statement made Irane smile as he chucked while moving around the table, “Good, thank you master, now tell me my sweet heart, what is it you truly desire, what do you at your core, truly desire?” He stood right behind Hope now staring at her. She fell silent as she remembered all the events that lead her where she was, and what he duties truly were, she wanted control, she want the power of choice, to not be bound, but also to burn the world under her foot as she stated: “I want to have the world bow down at my feet!” Her face seemed a bit saddened at admitting this as Irane smiled once again and moved to wards Zoe: “And you my Very flesh, my everybody, what does your core desire?” His gaze at her made her feel greatly uncomfortable, as she thought about what the right thing was, as she said: “I want to protect…” Irane interrupted: “Come now, you can be honest with me.” He said as he leaned in to her side, he whispered to her: “You can be honest with me!”
She blushed in that moment, as she hid her face behind her hands as she said: “I want to… I want to build a home and have 100 children!” That statement left the in pure silence with Irane smiling even more again while Gran-Gran laughed as she added: “Well aren’t you an ambitious woman!” That made Zoe feel even more embarrassment, she simply kept her face in the palm of her hands. Irane moved back behind Arai. The room seemed more relaxed as Irane added: 

“So that is what you each desire at your cores… Good, well since I have that I have one final question to ask the rest of you, where does your loyalty lies?” He asked as moved back to the corner and looked at them, they all stared and looked around the room, as Irane continued: “I will make it simple, my plan is should fulfil the goals you each have, so what I really am asking is simply, who do you belive in the most?” 

As he said this Mira stood up, she in a serious tone stated: “I will follow Hope till the day I die!” This statement prompted Aliya to also jump up and say: “For Lady Arai, i would give my all…” While Milla added: “I will trust in lady Zoe!” This made all the others think as Assa and Gran-Gran all sided with Zoe, Simon placed his faith in Arai, adding on how he will trust the Goddess… 
Leo and Dio stared at each other for a moment as they both moved as Dio said he would side with Hope while Leo stood with Zoe. Even Rui was with Hope. All moved as they all choose their camps Pnadro moved to Irane side stating: “Wherever you go, I will follow!”
Irane simply stared as he added again: “It seems the teams have been set… I have a plan and again it should fulfil all your desires, but it requires, well everything you all have!” 
He looked down for a moment and that stated: “The plan is simple: 
First Arai, Hope and Zoe. You are all going to return back to Orians and your clans.” This caught everyone off guard as it seemed a bit out there, as Irane continued over their shocked expression: “Relax, you 3 won’t be alone, Aliya and Simon will accompany Arai in the Ascen, while Dio and Rui will join with Hope with the Spirits and, Assa and Leo will join Zoe with the Alma. Any question?”
Arai looked at him in a bit shock and plenty of resistance, Irane simply smirked at her as he stared at her. His stare was what made her feel pure annoyance at him. Dio asked quite simply: “Is that it, really, what a great plan.” He said as he rolled his eyes. Irane gaze never left Arai as he replied: “That was simply step 1, set 2 and 3 are the real meat and potatoes… Step 2 involves the great and wonderful Emperor.” 
Simon narrowed his eyes and gaze at him as he looked on and asked: “I’m assuming your the one who will play the role?” Again Irane’s eyes shifted from Arai to Hope as he replied to Simon: “Well if I am not incorrect, according to the story of Valariya, ‘Irane’ and ‘Kazemi’, those 2 names have power in the world of the Primals of Paradise. I will take Milla and the rest of the others we have on the island and migrate to Paradise. I will directly handle that, not to downplay it, but I can at-least handle that duty… I think.” 
Hope stared back at him as she spoke up: “You think? I have to admit, that doesn’t bolster my confidence. And how does that ensure the least amount of blood is spilled?” Irane kept his smiling face as he shifted his gaze to Zoe as he replied to Hope: “Simply put, this will ensure that Paradise is safe and it will be the true location for the home Zoe wants to build. To be honest with you all, I am uncomfortable with this in all honesty. I am now asked to play as the Emperor. I am not the Emperor. I am not the legend that you all described, but in all honesty wearing the shoes of such a major myth you all built, well in all truth I am scared. A war was started based on his name, the very myth of the Champion and Emperor is not a simple thing. Once I make that move, once I take up that mental of the emperor, once I set his very title with my name, he will truly be alive.” 
Irane eyes now shifted to the earth, the ground he looked down deeply. He was scared and Mira could tell and that fear was obvious for as he said this he seemed less confident in all of it. Everyone in the room moved their gaze to him, it was clear as day how much he didn’t want to do it, as Pandro in a moment that shocked everyone placed his hand on Irane’s back. Irane seemed shocked as he looked at Pandro. Pandro looked back in what seem liked sorrow as he spoke: “Sofia, my wife died because of that, in all honest I loved the story, I truly truly marved at it, even you or better to say lord 8 said it was clear she wrote it from her core. It was a curse and burden to her, now I know what I’m about to say is wrong and selfish, but I want her dream to come true, I have seen the champion, but now I which to see the Emperor, if all possible and I find no better man to wear that title.” He went down to 1 knee as he added: “Lord Irane Kazemi, will you take the title of Emperor, the title of Champion and the burned that comes with it all. Will you do it? Will you bring my wife’s story, my wife’s… no will honour her dying wish to fulfil her dream and prosper and suffer for the sake of her and her story which has moved so many” 
Irane looked down at Pandro then shifted his gaze to Aliya as he smiled slightly: “That is quite the selfish request my Mage…” At this moment a sharp laughter from Summari cut through the room, it caught all their attention and Irane stared at her by his right side and continued: “Well seems she agrees with me, I will do it so you had better be prepared as you will be by my side this whole journey.” He moved back as he proclaimed in a quite whisper, heard by those in the room: 
“At my core I am Irane Kazemi. My very flesh, is comprised of the very dragon of Infinity, In my chest lies the heart of a myth, of a legend, in my check I have the heart of the Emperor, of kazemi. But in my mind, I am in truth a tool, for my core, and in my core I am Irane Kazemi…” 
Those words passed in the room as everyone stared at him. He looked at them and added as though trying to break through the awkwardness in the room: “let me be clear, Aliya, Pandro, Assa, Rui, Milla, I am not the being you all know, is that clear!” We regardless I would prefer it if you simply addressed me as a man, and not some myth. Regardless I this plan is the best course we have.”

“While I take the throne on Paradise you three(Arai, Hope and Zoe) will return to the clans of Orians, your gaol isn’t to become the leaders of your clans, no it is to simply return and be seen as full and true members. You are free to act in the best interest of these goals in your  own way. While doing that I will take over in Paradise and rule there, I will protect the people of Primals and battle against Vraka and Selis. I am the best to hold those 2 back while protecting the great city of Paradise. Milla, Gran-Gran, you 2 along side the rest of the others on the island will move to Paradise. Pandro and Mira will accompany use. 
Now Mira and Pandro, as far as I am aware in terms of the Primals, you 2 have the greatest pull aside from Cai, we will use that. Pandro you will take your children and bring the Prescian clan with you to Paradise, and Mira, we will use your title and authority to get as many Primals to migrate to Paradise as we can.” 
Zoe seemed confused at this as she asked: “I have 2 question… 1st question (she strictly points towards Dokia wrapped around Irane’s tail) where will she be?” Irane moved Dokia to his front as he said: “She will be with me of course, as well as Milla and Urial. It’s also why I am bringing Pandro’s children with me. Even Jr. will be there once’s he’s born. I am sure I can keep them safe.” He stated with a proud grin on his face, as Zoe stared again and added: “I see okay, I can agree with that but now my 2nd question: Why are we even going this far with step 1, I mean why don’t we all just return to Paradise?” 
He question Arai look down in annoyance as it seemed she knew the answer, she frowned in annoyance while Irane grin turned to a full smile as he replied: “Well because then marrying you wouldn’t really do all that much.” Those words made Hope suddenly turn her head to Irane: “What you talking about?” Her question rippled through as Irane replied with a joyful tone: “Well step 3 explains it well. I will marry you(Hope) , Arai and Zoe. If I was to as the Emperor marry three woman from the all three major groups of people in Orians, while also taking any and all Orians in than well that allows us to do alot more than we ever could.” 
Simon laughed after a short pause: “Well isn’t your plan interesting, and do tell what exactly makes you think that plan would work, honestly its a fun little plan but it has far to many holes, and you want use to fight in the war, be used on combat. We will while acting to the orians and aligned with the restive families fight and kill Primals and Humans. Or did you not consider that?” 
The question sent a wave of uneasy in the room. Irane smiled as he added: “Well your goals aren’t just going to be that, there is a time line on it and that depends on when you can get the cores of the Gaia and Cronus back from the Ascen.” Simon stared at him in confusion alongside Zoe and Hope who both seemed shocked by this as well. In that moment a voice started speaking from under Irane’s hair, it seemed to be passed from the base of his hair to be by his skull soon. As it traveled the voice which Zoe remembered spoke: “Well I would like to see what my elders look like after all, its everyday you get the chance to meet the reincarnations of my old peers again.” As he moved a Irane’s back horns seemed to shift as a small golden dragon appeared from Iranes head. Zoe jumped up as she in surprised yelled out: “Enari!” All in the room seemed a bit aback as Pandro immediately went to his knees, as he out of all knew what he was, the reincarnation of the Primordial of the Universe: Kazemi, the dragon in his majesty, well what is what he saw, while Irane spoke up: “Well Enari it seems you had a chat with my Body?” It was a question which confused Arai for a moment as Enari replied: “Well of course I would want to see the true form of the Core which was responsible for the body you have, I mean iris did go and see your hearts core…” This made Hope jump a bit, Irane looked confused as he seemed like he was processing his thoughts. Arai was confused by his reaction. 

Arai asked intently as though hoping the answer was simple: “I spoke with you in that moment right, you?” Irane stared at her as he noticed her hands shaking a bit. It was clear to him that she also spoke with an aspect of his being, as he replied: “No, you should remember you made a deal with core, not with me Arai.” At this the room seemed to stir a bit as Arai clutched her fists. Irane clapped his hands to refocus the attention back to him: “Now listen Enari is a reincarnate and he is very similar to the great Tree and Book of house Wov and Osiro respectively, once we have those 2 along side Kazemi, no one and I mean one will be able to stand against Paradise.” 
Simon retorted: “How do you know, how do you know they are still out there?” At this Enari replied: “Their cores are resonating and calling to me is all. It is faint though, but I have been able to hear them since I in the trail, So I know that they’re still active and alive.” At this Zoe sat back down in what seemed like absolute relief. Simon though seemed more confused: “If you can hear them, than why don’t you just go and get them?” 
Enari looked at him, he shifted his position on Irane’s head as he added: “I will be coming with you of course! I can hear them, but to pinpoint them directly will take some time, the closer I am the more precise	I can be.” Zoe asked directly: “Can you even be separated from Irane for a long time, I mean Tools and Beast operate differently.” Irane replied: “Well in most cases a tool and a beast can only be with a core of Kazemi, Hope can command all my Tools, while Zoe can command all my beast. Arai has command over all but it is limited, now Enari is special, in all rights he is my Beasts in all rights and he is also the creator and progenitor of all my beasts. I can easily switch Enari with of those who have a Command or Will core, the real issue is if you can control him. Enari in all rights is a monster that desire all things, if you let him, he will overpower you. He simply desires to use all his power to the max and unleash himself.
I will switch Enari with Crono thus I will have Crono as my Beast while Arai, you will wield Enari. You will have full access to Enari and his abilities. Once you find the core, you will return Enari to me and I will return Crono to you, and I will switch with Hope, you will have Enari and I will get Dima for that while. If you don’t find the core, I will simply switch him around all three of you within the next. I switch him monthly with all three of you, you will have him for a month. I think we can give this mission a 5 year timeline. Once we find and have the 2 cores of Gaia and Cronus, I will come and make you mine, in all rights this will allow you to come without use needing to spill blood, I will ensure I have enough to get you three, so you don’t need to worry about that.” 

Simon asked: “And do you truly believe you can force all the people to follow, to obey you and your will. There is no doubt that the name Kazemi is powerful, but not everyone will fall under your rule if they can help it you know!” Simon statement made the room feel quite. As Irane look back at Simon he smiled simply: “I am not the Emperor of Paradise, I am the Emperor of Valariya!” Simon seemed confused by his statement, what does that mean, he thought to himself. Irane looked on at the room as he said simply: “Make no mistake, I am not the Champion or the Emperor you all know, I am Irane Kazemi, the emperor of Valariya, not the Emperor of Paradise, I will take Paradise and make it part of my Empire!” Those words shocked Simon, it was strange the atmosphere seemed different now. Irane seemed different to him, and worst of all he couldn’t read him, no matter how hard he tried to understand Irane. He couldn’t. He was always a good judge of character, he knew who he could trust and use from their exchanges, it was this quality that allowed him to be an impecible spy and obtain a ocean of knowledge and information. Not only that but he cared for Arai, and it wasn’t clear to Simon, as it made it hard for him to truly focus, but he asked if Irane already knew, knew about her true role in his plan. But worst of all, he looked at him with hatred as he asked a question that would shock the room: “Irane Kazemi, what is your core alignment? No it’s better to also ask right here and now what is your goal?” 

Irane looked at him with a bit of confusion and curiosity. He erected his right eyebrow, in confusion: “My core alignment and my desire, well I wonder what those 2 have in common?” Simon jumped up and slammed his hands on the table as he said with authority in his voice, it was not a question, but a demand: “What is your goal Monster!” Monster, that word crossed past the room as everyone looked at Irane. He looked back at Simon, while Zoe tried to calm him down as Irane spoke: “My core alignment and my true intent and goal? Those are the 2 questions you asked correct… Well if you must know, my core alignment is Harmonic-Chaos! I believe that is the right measurement of a core’s nature based on what I can gather from my Mind(he was tapping into the knowledge base of Arai’s core) and my intent, well if I am honest with you it really isn’t that hard to understand…” Irane stared to walk towards Simon, who seemed a little uncomfortable and also even worried as he approached, Irane stood right in front of Simon as he completed his statement: “I am a tool, and I tool requires a purpose, and the only one who can give me purpose are my Command cores, and ensuring that their desires and wants are ment is this tools absolute purpose, well that is how I see it anyways. I and I must admit the marriage part is a bit of an unnecessary step but in all honesty I don’t really feel comfortable with my mind, heart and body being with someone else, blame it on my human desire a jealousy. That’s really all there is to it.” He said while smiling the whole time, but that didn’t matter to Simon, the words he uttered ‘Harmonic-Chaos’ core, no it wasn’t possible in Simons mind, but after all he had seen, nothing else explains his abilities, his skills and his power, no this was indeed fact as he moved back a bit. There was no doubt in his mind anymore, Irane Kazemi was a conceptual, he was a monster and that was a fact. Not a lot of people in the room fully understood what Irane’s statement ment, after all they weren’t taught about conceptual. 
Simon stared right at Irane and then shifted his gaze to Arai, all he could think in his mind, is the danger this man, no this being possessed. He looked at Arai who seems to have already known and excepted that answer. Hope and Zoe where the only others in the room who in all truth understood the true horror of Conceptual’s. As they didn’t really react, they weren’t all that shocked by it as Aliya in her ignorance asked Irane directly: “Is it strange to have a core of Harmonic-Chaos?” She asked innocently as Irane looked at her for a moment, as he thought. The word ‘monster’ wasn’t an incorrect statement in this case, he was a monster and that was clear but even he didn’t really know much about conceptual’s. To him it was simply a title for identifying a specific type of core he looked at her then turned his head towards Simon with a devilish smile stretched across his face:”Well my Soul, conceptual’s are monsters! Is that the right description Simon?” The question made Simon even more uncomfortable as Irane started laughing as he placed his hand on Aliya’s head: “You don’t have to worry, I don’t have full access to my cores abilities so you really have nothing to worry about Simon, I couldn’t use my full strength even if I wanted to.” Simon seemed a bit confused by this as he asked: “What does that mean?” Irane simply grabbed Aliya and shifted as though about to walk out of the hall: “Simply put I can’t use my cores full power, so you have nothing to worry about, but do feel free to keep calling me a monster, I truly don’t mind being called that. After all i am just a man… a monster of a man.” 

He grinned as he walked away from the room. As he left the room with Aliya, Dokia, Nighla and Summari. He waked past to the garden side as the rest stayed in the meeting room. Simon wasn’t fully convinced as he excused himself and followed Irane. Now at this time Ember who had been in a comma had reawakened a few moments ago and was walking around. She still hadn’t fully recovered. 
What she had experienced in that time she was unconscious for the past 5 years was more of Irane’s designs. She had experienced not all of them but at random a few, she wasn’t okay as she wondered around the village, many saw her but with her state they didn’t really want to get close, the village was made up of many different types of people, all were humans but most were Primals and Orians in truth. Very few true humans were part of the group so many in a way feared her as a child ran towards the meeting hut to inform them that Ember was awake and wondering about. Zoe and Mira jumped in surprise as they both ran out looking for her, while Hope noticed the guilty worried expression on Arai’s face, she was clearly feeling guilty about it, about all of it. Ember was dazed as she walked around, the experience of watching Irane fight Enari for the past few years was far too much for her, but still she had seen a lot from child within her. She was concerned as it seemed her body was about to go into labour. But still the sensation of it all didn’t cross her mind as he heard Simon’s and Irane’s voices in the near distance by the trees. She walked over and hide behind some trees as she heard their conversation: “What are your true goals, for real, why, why would you want to help us if you gain nothing from it? And why would you want to marry Arai, Hope and Zoe anyways, it simply doesn’t make sense?” 

Irane stared at Simon for a while before replying, he looked around him, looking at the children around him as he stared at Aliya for a bit of time. He seemed to be questioning it himself as he replied with a vigour energy: “I’ve got nothing better to do! That really is all there is to it ‘Ascen’!” 
The words he spoke made Simon flinch for a moment as he observed Irane with a cheeky smile across his face as he asked: “Ascen? What do you mean by the…” He was cut of by Irane: “You don’t need to hide that fact from me Simon… well not that that’s your name anyways.” He smiled back at Simon as he continued: “I can’t see people properly, I can see a person core, but that’s about it, faces are in a way hard for me to really distinguish. I couldn’t describe what you really look like if I tried. But it’s different for These 4 as well as Arai, Hope, Zoe, Mira and, Pandro. I have no issue with their faces cause I have their true cores with me, even Urial and the child Ember is carrying, I won’t have any issue with their faces at all. You on the other hand are a different case. I can see your core as clear as the sun in the sky, and I can also see quite a bit from that, I can’t see your true name or face, but I know Simon isn’t your name. A persons core has a reactive nature based on the body. Your mouth might say Simon, but at your core, well your name isn’t Simon.” 
Simon gripped his fist tight at the realisation of what Irane said: “Relax Simon, I won’t tell anyone else, but just so your aware, what I know is also known to Arai, well if she wanted to know what I know, she simply needs to look in my mind.” He laughed slightly, it was a laugh that caught Ember off guard, that laugh, was human. No not only that it reminded her of ‘Z’. It was his laugh, she stared in shock as the memories flooded back. She saw him, right. She experienced the Designes of thousands, upon thousands of times. She didn’t experience all 37.2 trillion fights, no that took Millennium. 5 years of time had passed, she had seen a few thousand fights at random. She saw him suffering, she witnessed how hard he fought against Enari. That smile she had just heard as she was about to run out Simon spoke: “I see, so that’s how you work, still doesn’t explain why you want to marry Arai, Hope and Zoe though!” Embers eyes widened in shock at what she had heard, what could that even mean as Irane explained to Simon: 
“I have a total of 5 primary commands playing around in my core, the 4th command set in my mind… well that command forces me to love Kazemi, which if I’m being honest is completely I don’t get it completely. All of my 5 main Command cores have the name Kazemi directly linked to their cores, you could say the very name Kazemi is marked on all my cores, well 15 cores really, not all 20. There are 3 different categories when it comes to my main cores: 15 being my command and Conceptual cores, like the one Ember has, they bare the name Kazemi, so of course based on my minds command, I must love them all.” Simon looked at him in confusion as he asked: “Does that mean you love your 2 daughters and Aliya and Dokia?” Irane’s reply was instant: “Yes! But just to clarify love is a spectrum and there is a major difference between the love I give to my children, vs the love I have for Arai, Hope and Zoe. To be honest with you I don’t know why I love them!” Irane paused for a moment as he seemed to be thinking as after some time as asked: “You know what’s strange, I don’t know why I love all three of them as I do. It is strange. There is a love one has for a sister, a child or a friend, but for some reason I feel really attracted to all 3 of them in a different way. I want to blame my command cores within them, but that wound’t make sense as Summari and Nighla here also have command cores, but I love them as an assume a father is to love their child. Make absolutely no mistake…” He walked closer to Simon as he spoke in absolute seriousness: “I would destroy this word, and everyone on it if it ment protecting my children!” His serious tone confused Simon, no it was even stranger, it was confusing because he was seeing Irane’s serious side for the first time, He was serious and it was clear as Simon asked: “More than you love yourself?” Irane’s face didn’t change as he replied: “far, far more than I care about my own core and my own life!” He said as he moved back: “Now as I was saying that was just all my Command and conceptual cores. The cores Aliya and the other 4 have are different, In all rights you have what I would consider Irane’s cores, not really Kazemi cores. Their cores are very different, instead of commanding they actually act more like receivers of different aspects of my WILL, which is why I categories them differently. Obviously it’s alot more complicated than that. But I do wonder why I feel different towards those 3(Arai, Hope and Zoe), I’m not sure if I’m honest with you…” Simon interrupted as he was still processing: “Wait a second, you don’t know why you like them but you know you do? What exactly are you, I weird love sick puppy?” Irane replied sharply: “I mean love sick puppy doesn’t really match much, more like love sick dragon, or a love sick hatchling would sound more accurately!” Simon wasn’t sure how to take it, but it was still very clear that Arai had something to do with it, as he asked: “Out of those 3 who would you say you love the most?” 
Irane look at Simon with a perplexed expression: “Love the most? Well that’s a weird question but if I had to say I would say Arai most likely! I mean with it comes to Zoe I just don’t want her to see me weak, if that makes sense. I feel like I don’t want to disappoint her, now Hope is also a bit different, I also feel like doing my absolute best, put everything I have into it, its strange, but I don’t want her to think I’m not giving 100% all the time. Then when it comes to Arai, when it comes to her, it feels more like I don’t want to let her down, that’s why I would say Arai is the most important in that regards, but its also somewhat wrong to say I love her the most… Actually now that I think about it, It is kind of strange for me to even be saying this, considering I’m fully aware how each of them feel about me…” He froze for a moment, His expression seemed a bit sad, it was sorrow, no it more like a realisation passed him by, he seemed a little confused: “well whatever, its doesn’t really matter at the end of the day. Regardless, what exactly are your true intentions, for some reason I think your intrested in Arai, is that the case Ascen, do you like her, do you dislike how I said I wanted to marry her?” 

[Note, alter that in part 5, Arai, simply revealed that she gave him the command to complete the seal, not that she made him fall for her.] 

 Simon simply looked at him as he noted the ‘Ascen’ in sentence. It worried him for a moment: “I am a Ascen, so begs the question what are you? A human or a conceptual?” Irane looked at Simon as now he had a smile on his face: “I can’t claim to be human, nor can I claim to be a primordial or an ancient. No in all rights the only category that aligns with your knowledge and history, I am a conceptual, I am a monster like you pointed out. It’s better to actually describe it as I have the core of a conceptual, who is seal by my humanity, or mortality, not sure which sounds more accurate… Well it doesn’t really matter. I am me, and I am a conceptual, does that scare you? I thought the Ascen saw Conceptuals as Gods?” Irane chucked a bit as he said the last part, as Simon replied: “I know what conceptual truly are, they are beings who live based on a different state of rules. You killed Aliya, Dokia, Mira and Pandro by eating and absorbing their cores, not only that you saved Arai, Hope and Zoe who were on deaths door, so sorry if I can’t exactly see you as Human!” 
The smile Irane had seemed to break and formed a straight faced expression, as he look at Aliya: “Well that was a different situation, I didn’t save them, I cursed them!” Irane looked deeply at Aliya as he carried on: “I at that moment, I was told to save myself, which in all respects was fine, but the order itself was filled with a desire to save all aspects of myself. Aliya, Mira, Dokia and Pandro were all in dire situations, in all rights they should have died, so I simply asked them, if they wanted to live or die. They all chose to live, even Dokia, who was a baby at the time chose to accept my curse, well chose is hard word to use when it comes to describing her. We can say she’s the only baby that wanted to live. I didn’t need to ask Urial as he was nothing more than proto-core and cells at the time, so it would have been pointless so I just added him, after all his core was given to me by his mother so I didn’t really break any rule there!” 
Simon looked perplexed: “Cursed? Why would you...” Irane interrupted: “Did you notice the difference yet, the difference between Mira and Milla for example?” Simon stared at Irane not sure what he ment as he thought for a moment: “Okay, for example you saw Emo right, the beasts Mira has?” Simon replied still confused: “Yes, but what does it have to…” As he thought back he remembered how Emo was actually made, it was born when Irane was stabbed by Constraint and he wrapped the chains from the blade around it: “He came from you?” 
Irane smiled: “All my Beasts and Tools, like Milla Net or Valariya’s Yggdrasil, they all come from me. But there is a difference between the contracts I made with them and the comes Aliya, Dokia, Mira, Pandro and Urial have. Emo is the manifestation of an aspect of my will. Specifically my Emotions, so whenever I feel something, Emo reflects that. You could say she has my emotions caged. Now my emotions affect her, and she has to constantly channel my emotions and contain them, its not really a power a person should desire…” 

“Now Mira is in a way a unique case from all the other 5. She wields my emotion not just in real time, but also stored up. Dokia will also have a similar ability in comparison as she will have access to my Deaths as a power, it will be rough for her. Pandro and Urial probably have it the best in comparison, they simply have limitations, that’s about it. Now Aliya is a bit if a dark horse. She has well, Its more like she has access to my different spirits and well, again I wouldn’t consider that a good thing, she can even connect directly to my core… It doesn’t really matter as long as she doesn’t overdo it, but still I would never in my life consider having a connection directly to my Will isn’t a power I would want, cause of how complicated it is.” Simon looked at Aliya and Dokia. They seemed different yes, but what concerned him the most was how Irane added to the words of how he felt about the other 3, but more importantly in his mind he thought for a moment: “I see, than I’m assuming Arai, Hope, Zoe and those 2 children, as well as the child Ember has will also be cursed?” Irane replied: “Not really, There’s a major difference between all of my cores and the cores Summari and Nighla have. They were born from my flesh and blood, while also having my core from the start. In all honesty these 2 are monsters. I would actually classify them as nearly being like a conceptual in a way. But the core, no the child in Ember will be more… well normal than use 3. He will be more human than conceptual. These 2 have access to what I would describe at the 2 most powerful cores I have made. Now 3 main command cores are powerful but I made them from the mana of Arai, Hope and Zoe, so I already had an idea of what they would be like, now Summari and Nighla’s cores are different, their command cores originated from me observing Enari and experiencing mana directly, its better to say they represent the begging and ending of me, but also far far more. Which is why I ca’t place them in the same category even if they are my children. Summari and Nighla needed to have access to the 3 mana’s of Arai, Hope and Zoe to be born, the child in Ember doesn’t need all that.” 
Simon simple agreed as he contemplated for a moment: “Do you remember being human? I mean do you remember anything of before the trail?” Irane looked at Simon, he knew what he was really asking. He replied sharply in a way that had no way to confuse anyone who heard: “He’s dead! And all that exists now is me Irane Kazemi! All he was, his memories, his past, his desires, hopes and dreams are all gone.” Simon noted as he looked at Irane, how angry he seemed as he spoke about it. 
At this Ember started to walk away, as though having learned a very very deep secret… as she walked, all that was clear was the rage she felt as she moved. She walked as though she had to find someone, she laughed slightly as she walked while thinking: “I’ll kill that bitch, I really will kill Arai!” 
Irane took a deep breath in: “Well is that all you wanted to know Ascen?” Simon paused for a second as he replied: “My true name… I have the name of a great man from Ascen, and well I just don’t want to ever use that name again, that man is dead as I live!” These words resonate with Irane, it was clear to him that he had a similar understanding and desire to forget, as Irane looked at Simon: “I see, well I can relate to that… Simon. I must admit, your the first persons I’ve spoken to that doesn’t have hate, fear of admire me. It’s refreshing.” Irane said while laughing slightly as he leaned in closer to Simons left side: “Aliya and Pandro always give me this strange look, it feels like their worshipping me or something, then there’s Leo and Dio, I can tell from them who much they don’t like me, especially Leo, but still everyone in this place seems to see me as some kind of… well I don’t want to say it but even Arai, Hope and Zoe don’t see me as a regular person, it really annoys me, not sure why.” 

In a moment Irane felt a sensation in his mind, as he held his head as though feeling pain, it was like a headache, no it was a set of thoughts as he felt concerned. Irane rushed of as he grabbed Aliya. Simon followed after him, he was confused yet curiosity needed to satisfied. As they both arrived to the village they saw Arai look at the ground in what seemed like shame. Most of the villages seemed gathered around as Ember was screaming at Arai. As it looked like Ember had slapped Arai a few time. Hope, Zoe and Mira simply moved back as they didn’t know what to do. Ember fury was pure and her rage was absolute. She was about to slap Arai again, she didn’t move, as though she felt she deserved it, as he hand fell it was stopped by Irane who grabbed her hand with his left hand, he stared at Ember who seemed even more distracted with his arrival. She laughed as he pulled her hand away: “Isn’t that cute, is it, is it, oh isn’t it cute. The man you brainwashed is here to defend you, it must be nice using someone like that!” 
Irane moved in-between as he looked at Ember: “Enough, you aren’t okay, and all this isn’t good for your baby so plea…” Ember laughed. It was loud and echoes around,  it was clear that she was not happy, no that was an understatement. “Tell me monster, why oh why do you love this which, this devil in sheep’s cloths. A woman who would happily give the cores of the people who matter to her the most to make you love her!” Irane looked at her in confusion: “What are you talking about? Made me love her, gave up cores?” Tears started to fall down Arai’s face, it was as though a gate had broken open as she feel to the ground. Ember looked at her as Aliya went to her side and held her hand. Ember laughed some more: “Oh you don’t know, of course you wouldn’t, after all your just her tool… I hate it, I hate looking at you Arai, your face disgusts me, why… Why did you do it you miserable witch. These last 5 years all I could think about is why would you do something like that? Z was a good person and you killed him, no you couldn’t simply let him go, no no no, not you Arai, you had a point to prove right, you had to prove just how much better you were then use that you placed chains around him, oh and the cherry on top…” She moved forward as she looked at Hope and Zoe, she laughed some more: “You both don’t know do you? She gave up your cores to make Z obey her. I know full well what you did you disgusting woman.” 
The insults cut deeper and deeper, especially from Ember, a person Arai did care for as Ember elucidated: “Ah you see, I experienced a lot when you make me experienced the designs of Z, oh I have seen so much. You took advantage of his mind, what is it you said(She says in a mocking tone), ah I remember, it was: “Love Arai, Kazemi!” And you had the audacity to have him take the cores of the people you loved for the seal. Minia never had control over him, no he did what she said because Z though he was obeying you, Arai.” All those who died, all those whom 8 killed, all the atrocities he did, (A tear feels down her face), having him force himself onto me. I know it was you in that Cai form, I know it was you. Was it fun to watch, was it, was it fun to make me watch Z die over and over and over. Do you have any idea, any idea how many times he died, it was billions of time, billions Arai. Was this your plan, was it. You’re a monster, you’re a monster!” At this moment Irane spoke: “Enough Ember, you need to rel…” Embers hand passed and slapped Z across the face as more tears started flowing: “Wow, it really is impressive how human your acting right now you know, was that an order ahh, an order from your Master, how sad to see.” Arai didn’t speak as Hope tried to speak: “Ember, I think you need to take a moment and breathe.” Ember just laughed: “Did you know, she sold your core, and the core of Zoe. She gave them to Z to control him. Well I hope it was worth it, making the man fall in love with you over some pointless weapon.” Zoe screamed out: “Enough, Please just stop Ember, it isn’t like that and you need to understand…” Ember yelled through: “Seriously, I forget how meek you are Zo, I really did forget how gutless you are, she gave your core away and enslaved you to him(point at Irane), she sold your core.” Irane spoke and it took Ember off guard: “Arai didn’t offer their cores. She couldn’t have…” Ember paused as she stared at him: “of-course you would think that, your a empty shell, I know that there is nothing left of him there, your a machine, a mindless machine that can only follow orders, so of course you would defend her…” Hope spoke up and interrupted Ember: “We gave him our cores willingly, he didn’t force us, nor did Arai. In that moment, it was our choice to give her our cores.” Arai didn’t move from the ground as Ember laughed slightly: “Really, are you sure about that, you gave her your core, is that what your telling me…” Irane added: “Arai’s command was tied to completing the seal, not for me to obey her every will. I know you’re under the impression that you understand but you know very little.”

Irane continued: “The seal had a requirement, and even Arai didn’t know what the requirement was to complete the seal, it was far more complicated then she initially though, in order to fulfil the command, I need a total of 10 external cores, a max set of 10 to complete that seal. But the request was strange I won’t lie. Love as a component was a weird thing to add(At this Hope and Zoe seemed a bit confused as they looked unsure for a moment). The seal needed to have the 10 cores of the people she loved, while she took 10 of my most important cores.” Irane chucked at this as he said: “I don’t know how in a pile of 37.2 trillion cores, you were able to select all 5 command cores and all 5 will cores. So in order to complete the seal I needed to have those major cores. Now That’s a bit different. The more I look into it, it doesn’t really make much sense, why would you request that, why add the ingredient of Love into the mix… Even I’m not sure, but I had 3 cores already. The core of the person she loved the most, herself(Irane said with a slight smile) and I also already had the cores of Zoe and Hope, the cores of the 2 people whom she viewed as her sisters. It was in a way interesting, so I just looked for more cores of the people she love. 
Mira is the love of a friend, while Pandro is the love of a teacher has for a student. Then Dokia, is a bit of a reach, but that would be the love one has for a niece in a way. While Urial is the love one has for their grandchild…” Hope seemed confused as he asked: “Grandchild? Seriously but…’ Irane interjected: “I’m fully aware, yes Dokia and Urial aren’t biologically her children by blood, but love isn’t centred around blood, which is why Aliya which in a strange fate core set at the love she has for her own child. I wanted to get Valariya’s core, but well that didn’t go well. Well anyways that’s what I can see from my logs. Obviously Summari and Nighla are different, I added them in as those she views as herself, and children, so it still counts.” 
Ember stopped laughing: “The cores of the people she loves? Why would you, why would that ever be a requirement?” Irane looked up, he didn’t know the answer to her question. He looked up for some time, as he did Ember simply moved back: “See even you don’t understand, but you…” 
Irane added: “Don’t mistaken it, I don’t remember it in full detail you know, it’s better to say I remember it as one would remember the events of dream. I only remember bits and pieces, but there are certain aspects that I can’t fully remember. I only see this as a person would a long dream, there’s quite a bit I don’t fully remember though. But regardless…” 

“What are your orders?” That question from Ember seemed to make Arai jump up a bit, it was strange as she squeezed Aliya’s hand even tighter. Irane simply looked at her as she spoke: “My orders? Lets see: 
* 1st was the order to forget myself,
* 2nd was the order to defeat the trial,
* 3rd was the order to live,
* 4th was the order to complete the seal and,
* 5th {It’s impossible to explain what the command to exist and be alive it}. That one is the hardest to explain, Its more like that command is ongoing, but also absolute to the other 4 orders. 
Well that is how I would describe it honestly.” 

Ember smirked a bit: “Really now, so tell me who exactly gave you each of those orders?” Irane simply looked at her in confusion: “What exactly are you trying to get at?” Ember asked again: “Is it that hard to answer, who gave you those 5 commands?” Irane looked at Ember and shifted his gaze around looking at Hope and Zoe as well. Interesting is all he could think of as he spoke: “My first command came from Zoe, while my second command came from Hope. The third command came from Summari, while the 4th one came from Arai. The 5th came from Nighla.” 
At this Hope and Zoe seemed confused, They didn’t remember, no they couldn’t have remembered, as they both stared at each other as Hope spoke: “I never gave that order, I ordered you to save yourself.” Zoe also added: “Yeah I also never gave you an order either then… when I told you to place the cores of Aliya, Mira, Pandro, Dokia and your twins within our bodies.” 
Ember face straitened up as she added: “Of course you don’t remember giving that order, cause you both never did, I heard it you know. Over and over and over in every one of his head, Don’t give up, Put your very core into it! Those 2 commands kept resonating in your head! I know for a fact that those were the only 2 voices in his head. Those voices weren’t the voices of Hope or Zoe. No it was the voices of the 2 people ‘Z’ held in the highest regards: his mother and(she paused for a moment)… and his beloved! So do you have anything to say, witch?” She said with venom in her voice. Arai was still silent on the ground, she didn’t move, as Ember screamed out again: “Well speak WITCH!” Arai swallowed the spit in her mouth, Hope and Zoe simply looked, while Irane stared her down as well. He noted how she created the seal, but even he wasn’t sure what this ment. For Irane, the only voices he had ever heard in his mind was Arai, Hope and Zoe’s voices. As Arai spoke, she spoke as though confessing a crime: 
“When… When I asked for the seal to be made, I don’t remember the full details, but I know when I set up the foundation I heard something, I wasn’t sure if I was right, but I heard them too. The commands echoing in your mind: “Don’t give up, Put your very core into it!” Over and over, when I also heard a third voice, it said something and I wasn’t sure what it was saying, I heard the voices of woman echoing in your mind, over and over. And well…” She paused as though she couldn’t, no she didn’t want to say it now. Hope and Zoe were already aware that their cores were used in the creation of Irane as well as the formation of the seal but not the full implications or full understanding of it all. They felt in their cores as he was being born the mana, the flow calling to them. 
Ember screamed in rage: “What, does a demon have a hold of your tongue, speak witch!” As Arai seemed more and more uneasy, she was shaking as Aliya noticed, she was worried, but everyone stood in silence watching her, waiting to her her: “I heard the 3rd command, I think It was a simple mistake…” Everyone was in anticipation at what she would say as Ember noticed in that moment that Arai was blushing and it made her blood boil even more, as Irane also noticed it, Ember was about to scream again but Irane stopped her. Arai continued softly: “I heard… Kazemi” No one heard anything except for Aliya who was the closest to her as she opened her eyes wider. Ember started demanding Arai to repeat what’s he said as Aliya stopped her and spoke up: “She said heard the command as ‘Love Kazemi!’” At this there was a brief silence as though everyone started to talk among themselves. Irane simply stared at Arai who now was covering her face with both her hands as though trying to hide her shame and embarrassment. 
“Love Kazemi? Is that right Witch, and so the truth is revealed, You made him fall for you forcibly.” She moved passed Irane who was still froze as she stood right in-front of Arai: “Your pathetic you know that. You’re an evil monster. Death is to good for a witch, no a Devil like you[Note Devil and Angel in this word are basically insults]. You know all he did, everything he did was because of you and your stupid order, your stupid demand for Love. Every Atrocity and evil he did, all the people he killed, at them woman he was with, was because of you… he obeyed as he thought it was you. I hope you’re proud, I really do. I really hope you’re happy having taken the life of the man I loved and made him a tool, a mindless tool!”  

The tension was heavy in the air, no one could talk as Ember bit into Arai. Dio and Leo also looked at Arai in anger. As they did all were wondering what this was about, why would she say that and what did it mean. Ember was raging, and no one could stop her… until laughter erupted from Irane. He simply laughed, as Enari appeared in his tiny form again, he was also laughing, this was accompanied by the innocent laughter of Summari, Nighla and Dokia. All three seemed to be joining in with Irane as they all started to just laugh. The tension seemed to dissipate, replaced by the confused mumbling of all the people. They all stared at him in confusion, Irane just laughed for a bit. In a second Mira was also on ground shacking, she was doing her best to hold it in as Emo took the joy form. Mira was doing all she could to not laugh. All she could and she was still riving on the ground, holding her stomach as she laughed. Everyone was confused for a moment as Irane took a deep breath, he was still laughing for some time, as Ember looked at him: “What’s so funny?” 
Irane took a moment before replying, as he replied: “Love you say? You heard the voices and immediately thought that the order of ‘Live Kazemi!’ And you misheard it as ‘Love Kazemi!’. You’re going to hear that and your first reaction isn’t to laugh? I find that interesting to be honest.” 

Ember seemed perplexed and even more annoyed than before:”Is this some kind of joke to you, is it really a joke, what is funny about this right now? Do you have any idea how many people you’ve killed, how many children you’ve orphaned. (At this Irane’s laughed and smile ceased) Its funny right? Ah do you also find what you did to me funny too? Was it funny to you, of course it was, after all your that woman’s sick little toy.” Irane striated up as he stared into Embers raging eye: “Interesting… You seem to understand me quite well, and I can tell your angry, to honest I find it kind of off putting in all honesty. I remember a lot of the things I did. More like it’s better to say I remember my actions. It was ‘me’ after all, but there is a question that has been bugging me for a minute now. I remember your mana, your core very well. You as well as that girl Minia, I remember how you butchered and tore into my body. I will admit it wasn’t that painful, unlike when Minia was doing it solo a few years ago, that woman really hates me, not sure why…” As he said last part he looked towards Arai as he asked: “Ah, there is something I wanted to ask, why did have me kill all those people and why did you make me sleep with Minia and Ember?” 
Arai suddenly looked up to Irane, her eyes were like a reflective glass of dark blue and watery outline, Irane was shocked as Arai yelled: “I never ordered you to do that!” Irane looked confused again for a moment, as he said: “Really, I was sure it your mana was constantly sensing back then. I heard the mind command core’s mana leaking through, I just couldn’t identify where it was all the time. I remember feeling frustrated at that.” At this Ember jumped as spoke up: “Wait, your really telling me you thought Minia and Arai were the same person?” 
Irane looked at Ember with a confused expression on his face: “Wait, what does Minia have to do with this?” At this moment, everyone seemed taken a back as Mira cut through: “I think out of everyone here I can tell you what happened.” She said sharply, he voice cutting through the air: “Well Pandro can probably tell you the details actually.” All eyes shifted to Pandro who seemed anxious and worried to speak as she started in a light manner, he was reluctant to remember those days. For him they were a different kind of hell, as he looked down and frowned as he thought about it all. He suddenly spoke loud enough to hear, he shifted his face from looking downwards, to Irane’s positions. As he spoke as though confessing to a crime: 
“What we did, after… after my sister, after Minia secured Arai, Hope and Zoe. She had me and Ember work with her to break the seal placed around lord Kazemi’s core. His core was inactive the whole time, but for some reason, no matter what we did we couldn’t force his body to release mana or even move. He was in a comatose state, no deeper than that, he seemed dead in all regards, yet alive. I saw the same think with Dokia, I was the one who had her and used my research around her state to keep you three alive, its why your bodied haven’t really aged much, why you all looked in your early 20s still. Simply put your bodies never aged. Ember found the seal, but in reality, it wasn’t the seal around his core, but his bodies command lines. I only realised this just recently but the spell we made wasn’t for the seal, as it was incomplete. No it was for the command nodes connected to his main core. There were channels leading from the centre of his chest to his head, heart and neither regions… Its clear now that it was his command structure. His other 2 lines seemed to lead nowhere. But with Ember and Minia we were able to create a special spell sequence that was able to connect Minia to the 3 cores of Arai, Hope and Zoe. When we tested it out, we wanted to start the flow of his core, when we did it was in a way terrifying. Lord Irane, upon Minia trying to issue an order, you tried to strangle her, that mark on her neck came from that.” 
Everyone was shocked, more so Irane who seemed like he was losing it slightly as Pandro spoke, but in reality, he wasn’t simply remembering, no he was re-experiencing that moment again, the sensation, the pain. Unlike his tool self he still understood pain far too well, and he may be able to ignore it, but still feeling it was hell for Irane. Looked at Pandro as though he was revealing a long hidden secret. As Pandro continued: “The spell only worked well after she used her own cores ability and freed Arai. Hope and Zoe. She had you all in status under her orders, I set it up, I did it to make sure you didn’t feel anything, it was undone, and you finally started obeying her. The spell was made using Ember as a base, Your mana was used to create the formula. It was set using your mana, she also used your mana to maintain the seal. Its why you felt to weak all the time and why you were always so asleep in the prison Ember, she used you to power the Art to control Lord Kazemi. My sister… Minia used her core to keep all the components to her. She made herself the main centre and that’s why she was able to command him. But for Lord Kazemi, well simply put he thought it was Arai. He took longer and longer to respond to her orders, always, were she couldn’t keep the spell active long enough for him to accept, so she started giving him more complex orders, where he would need to make the most optimal choice, He had choice and options. He was always taking longer and longer to accept and it made her anxious. But now looking back, it makes sense that she wasn’t the one in control.” 
Irane went down to one knee as he chucked a bit: “Well that terrifying, I couldn’t tell the difference. No I was trying to see her core. She never seemed that bad to me, I can’t believe I couldn’t see that.” Irane was genuinely distort and made Pandro feel worried as Mira stopped him and added on: 

“After though, you were ordered by her to be the champion of legend and well in a way I don’t know if you can but you said you would be him, don’t the orders from than carry over?” 
Irane looked down for a moment, as he looked at his hand, he thought in his mind as he tapped into his Mind, he shifted through what can only be described as a thousand memories in moment. He remembered the book Sofia had, he remember, no he re-experienced it, as he remembered being reading the very first script, the same book that Aliya would find and read, he remembered that moment, and he remembered the order, the desires and craving. He remembered how he was forced to fight by the being within his core, he thought back to it, Kazemi, that was its name, no their name. In that moment Irane shifted his gaze over to Aliya as he looked at her and stood up, he walked towards her as he started to speak: “I need to speak to my God!” As he sat cross eyes in-front of Aliya and Arai. He looked at them both. He seemed in the same state as that night he first interrogated her, Arai noted, as Aliya seemed worried: “Aliya, sorry ot force you lile this, but I need you to tap into the 6th forbidden Spirit I warned your about, don’t worry your be fine, just stay close.” 

As he said this she fell forward and passed out, as Irane caught her and passed out as well, even Arai passed out for a moment, than Hope and Zoe stumbled down. In a moment Aliya jumped up in loud scream as Arai, Hope and Zoe also seemed to regain their sense. In that second, Irane tapped into the soul of his core, within Aliya and he saw it. His core and his orders. As the conceptual nature within Irane’s core smiled at Aliya, she saw it again, as she remembered what seemed like a nightmare, a nightmare of when she chose to live back in the lab. She jumped up. Irane stood up in that moment, as a tear feel down his face. “I see, so that’s what happened, Irane and Kazemi are 2 sides of the same coin it seems. It’s the same story told from 2 perspectives. He felt a slight contradiction in his thoughts as thought something was off. he thought back as he wondered, it came to him in a moment, his name, the story, all of it, and again the thought re-appeared, in a moment Emo shifted to his Dread serpent form as Mira simply stood there and started to shack, something Pandro would note as he held her hand, she was scared, and it wasn’t her fear. “AM I FREE?” Irane thought in his mind, no, he understood far too well in this moment, as he stared at Arai, he looked at her with a sense of internal fear, and worth. No he wasn’t, he was a being who served his core. The conceptual nature, no his nature sealed within his core. That dread returned as he remembered it. That being who bent him to its will. He was scared as he noted: “MY WILL IS ABSOLUTE!” Those words would be heard by many for the centuries to come from him in absolution and as a mark of honour, but for this day, for the first time it was spoken all who heard him speak simply noted it as a tone of defeat. He ment to his core, the being within, the God, no his God… He was to obey and he had no choice but to, as he thought back to the final orders. The 5th one from the Pillars. The last order he received, set with Nighla, he heard it, the being at the end. As again he looked towards the 3rd order, the beginning of him, his universe, the order from Kazemi, Live, to a being who was a hollow shell. What could exist but a monster of sensation, it was a being who obtained absolution and power, and now reborn with a core of a primordial dragon. He was never alive, he was a tool who was simply operating, even now. The only difference was he seal and the rebirth. 

He laughed at this, at reality, at his life, he laughed and only made Mira shake more and more. He stared at Arai, while laughing, his laugh was chilling in this moment. The people were frightened and confused as they heard his laugher echo past, it was dread. Pure dread feel upon them as though they could feel it, his core, his emotions, in that moment, Irane emotions, his own emotions leaked towards his core, even he wasn’t immune to his own cores, influence, no in reality he was the most affected by it, for a human, no for any being, to say in that moment his dread, his feelings where amplified 100x fold back onto himself, and all around experienced the feedback of only 1% of that and felt dread, you can imagine how Mira, Hope and especially Irane felt in that moment. It was truly a pit of disappear. In that moment Zoe started to cry, tears flowing none stop down her face, her body was aching all over, it was uncomfortable and unbearable, yet her voice was gentle and soft as it cute through that dreaded silence streaming from Irane: “Don’t give up!” In that moment, Irane seemed to almost snap back, his body was shacking, he wasn’t aware of this, no it was as though his chest wasn’t moving, his whole body felt as though it was against him, as he tried to push through, Zoe’s words, her very voice seemed to echo within his body, as though trying to shack hi back. He took a deep breath as his eye shoot open. Hope who was on the ground cluching her chest yelled out in a loud raging voice: “Put your very core into it!” As he heard her voice, the dread, the fear that had consumed him seemed to fade slightly, no it was being channeled out, his heart started to beat as though it was about to explode, he took a few deep breaths as he did, Arai jumped up and hugged him, as though tears flowed down, as she cried out: “Irane” Irane, that word, its my name, my name, Irane. It was the name of a great man who once conquered the whole world and united the world under his authority. The name of a great Emperor. That is what was that girl… Valariya, it’s what she said when she gave me this name, It was the name of a legend. I am to be the champion, I remember that. But the champion becomes the Emperor. Irane is that name, Kazemi is the name I was given when I was told to Live, I was told to live, I remember everything that happened after that fight like it was yesterday, so Kazemi, is also me, he is me. And he is the being who controls my core. Yet I am me, I am a conscious tool, I am…” He couldn’t finish that thought as he snapped back, into reality he remembered hearing hope and Zoe’s words, his dread was still leaking out, but he looked at Arai was screaming at him while hugging him. Irane, over and over she screamed it, it wasn’t until she decided to slap him, that as she noted: Al the light came back on” Irane snapped back as he moved back, as he looked towards Emo was now a massive shadow that had consumed the whole island, it was him who was doing, as he looked at Mira who was simply stunned and checking in place. He noted as he said: “It really is a curse hey?” As he took a breath in, and closed his eyes. 

As he did, he heard Enari’s laughter, he was now in his universe, within his mind, as he opened his eyes there he looked Enari was in his massive dragon form, and Iris who was in her female form, she now looked like Aura his old lover, but her form was still slightly distorted, they both laughed, Iris and Enari, as she Irane looked at them: “Whats so funny?” 
Enari moved closer while still laughing: “You really interesting, I hope you know I will never let you live this mental breakdown down Kazemi!” He kept laughing as he moved back, as Irane stared at him as though annoyed by his statement, as Iris added in her soft laughing voice: “You know its not funny, its normal to have an existential ones or twice a week you know Irane!” She said while laughing under her breath. Irane looked at them as he stated: “Wow, how lucky I am to have such a supportive beasts and tool, nope. Nope the universe decides to curse me with you 2. Shouldn’t you be comforting me, I mean come on now. Its not like its fun finding out that your own core in a way owns your!” Enari and iris looked at each as they chuckled a bit: “What exactly do you think its like for use?” Enari asked, As iris added: “Well it’s not that back, we are bound to you, and your nature after all, we were born to be here. So we can’t really compare, but again I want to ask you, Arai that woman, in all rights your mind. As a less level to you, or better yet your mind.” Of-course that is only set and controlled by… well you.” 
Irane added: “That makes no sense?” Enari added: “You say you have to obey your core, but I am curious what you think that means. You do understand that you can use your mana, from your core, you can except or decline, its simple	a matter of in a way fighting your mind. For Hope, she commands, Iris who is tool, as she can command all the tools made from your blood, Kazemi,” Iris continues: “Well it’s better to say your blood is special. It both connects and transfers mana throughout the body, it was an amazing delivery system to begin with. But anyways, Enari is command by Zoe who sets all beats. Of course that is limited to just my beats, as well the body in a way. The body which is ever evolving. But the very being who we are tied to is you. Your mind is biset by 2 being now, Arai and Kazemi’s Will” Irane looked them with indifference and annoyance: “So where is this going?” They continued: “You are you, and you are your core. Your core and you are one, yet different, yet one. Kazemi desire to exist and experience is alive, and you are that which lives to live. it was set by Arai who set the core of the mind. The core of the Tools mind. Even if that set, a mind is in a way nothing but hardware, complex hardware but hardware. Put your core into it, Iris added: “Is my purpose, to transfer consciousness is easy, as conscious lives within a core. Enari continued: “That is after all how all of the 10 cores can exist here while operating in the real word, Arai, Hope,Zoe, and the rest, all their true cores are here, and now they act more like controllers of when and how to do things, that is how they can control us.” As you are right now, you can choose, you have choice. As you now yourself, in a way you can say your only about 15% alive right now,” Irane looked dumbfounded at Enari: “What do you mean I’m only about 15% awake, that doesn’t make any sense.” 
Iris continued: “Yes it is possible, as you know if you were to use 100% of your power, of your core, you feel like your waking up while falling asleep right, that is how you would describe. For you this is basically being Alive, better to say your awake, right now and that being in your core, no your subconsciousness is asleep, or in a less active state.” 

Irane paused as he noted how he remembered that war he had within, how that being made him fight all those other version of himself, who he marked him as the core above cores, the core of cores. He remembered it all, as he though back, as he though back at how it felt more like a dream, than reality. As his eyes widened in that moment. 
Iris spoke: “I love how you’re not oblivious to reality, and how quickly you can simply accept things. Yes you get it now, Your in a way no different from any normal person, its simply a matter now of what your mind wants. So now it’s a battle of consciousness vs subconsciousness. And even deeper a way between those 2.” Enari added: “Just so you’re aware, we serve you, not them, and you also serve no one but yourself, and unfortunately for you your mind, heart and body currently belong to others. How tragic.” 
Irane looked shocked, pure shock: “As he spoke: “I see Irane, and Kazemi” 2 sides of one coin, one being who lives. I am a conceptual, is that what that means, no this is different from normal, I mean damn, the things I can do, no no no, this is not normal right? No it is though, what the hell is this?” He looked agin at his hand, as she straightened up: “I am a tool to my mind… that’s insanity, right?” He paused again and looked around him, he looked at Enari, and he looked at iris, he looked around, the sky, the world everything. He felt his cores spread all around him, no the sky was only lit by 15% of all the cores he had, it was a sign he wasn’t truly active. He looked at his sky, as he took a deep breath: “Am I even breath air?” He thought as he took another breath. It felt like he was breathing mana in the form of air. It was a strange sensation. He laughed as he looked at the 2 of them: 
“So I am me, that’s even more terrifying you know, he said as she started laughing” Enari and Iris looked at each other as they also started laughing. All three of them were laughing loudly now, as though sharing in on some joke, they all simply laughed: “Thank you Enari, Iris, I guess its not to bad having you both in my life.” Irane straighten up as she stared forward: “Well whatever, I guess all I ahem to do is never go past 100%, that’s what the seal was for right. I couldn’t use 100% of my strength even if I wanted to. Not unless I was forced to. And the only key that exist to the seal is… wait where is the key?” 

Irane stared confused at Iris and Enari, as they both looked at each other in confusion and than back to Irane: “Yeah, the key is in your mind, well better to say there are 2 keys and both are held by your mind.” And just to make sure you get it, what I mean is, Arai has 1 key and your subconscious has the other. Each works to keep the seal active at all time. In a way you are always at 1% alive, which mean your base of 1% of your true strength.” Enari smiled happily as he added: “And just so you know we can indeed get stronger. 
Irane looked at his hand and gripped tightly: “Is that so, interesting, so. So all my command cores where in a way fully created in that moment, as well as my Will cores. Interesting. I know Summari and Nihlas cores are different cause I had to use Kazemi’s core as a design medium, so in a way they have the same kind core as me, but perfected. Which is good.” 
Irane clapped his hands against his face sharply: “Thanks Enari, Iris. I give you my word as Irane Kazemi, as the core of cores, that I will do my best to be better!” Enari and Iris smiled, as Iris seemed to disappear (she is currently in Milla). And Enari closed his eyes seeming to take a nap as both of them said: “See you both in a few” They said as all three seemed to part ways. 

Only a seconds had passed since he entered his universe had. He gripped his fist and took control of his emotions as Emo, shifted to a energised joy crane as Mira started to chuckle a bit, a somber shower of rain fell down. Irane smiled as he hugged Arai back, in a moment a said: “Thanks, do worry I’m okay.” He moved her back and moved to look at Ember who seemed to be in tears, and shock, why, she thought to herself: “Why are you even… what is this, why do you seem so human?” She asked as she started to speak: “Why Witch, why did you order him to be so human. Was it not enough to enslave him, now your having him act like he loves you, how sorry, I mean it!” Irane walked towards her with a gentle sorrowful smile and look on his face, he seemed sad yet happy.: “I was wonder why I couldn’t see your core properly, your the same as Simon, you both know the former version of me, don’t you? That explains why I can’t see your core well. I was confused as to why, I can’t perceive so well, my core is actively rejecting seeing your core… interesting, it in a way wants nothing to do with you. You know that name ‘Z’ you all keep saying, it irritates me whenever I hear it, cause I know what you’re referring to, and it stings to even understand. I got a sharp pain when you mentioned his mother and lover. It was quite painful. 
Ember I think you misunderstand something, my very first order: “Forget yourself.” He chose to forget himself, but still there’s his second order, “Defeat the Dragon!” That command, the 2nd one was the command that in a way made me the way I am now, a tool. I reforged myself, no better to say he was reforged, which makes it quite ironic in a way that’s his tool is a forge, interesting… But regardless Ember, ‘Z’ is dead. He is absolutely dead. I am not him, and breaking my seal won’t bring him back, all it will do is simply lead to the end of everything you care about.” Ember stared at him with a crazed look, she started laughed, look at him as she starting to hit him: “Listen to the tool, doing all it can to defend its master, that’s all you are a tool, a tool a thoughtless, emotionless, heartless, soulless, unfeeling tool.” She said over and over while striking at him, he didn’t move even when he starting to bleed he didn’t move, as she kept the assault. Until her arms got tired and she started crying deeply, she was in tears as she fell crying to Iranes arms, he cursed her as she cried, as she cried out, that he was a tool, for the witch, and how she wanted ‘Z’ back. Irane held her as he said: “You know it’s a different feeling to the sting when you say ‘Z’ and when you’re thinking about him. Tell me, what was his real name?” That question shock Ember and Simon, as she started crying even more: “I don’t know/“ She looked towards Simon who could shake his head, he also didn’t know ‘Z’ true name. Irane looked at her and realised they didn’t know, he smiled at this realisation. “So you don’t know his name that’s good, let’s keep it like that. As she said this, he felt what felt water flow down his leg, he stared for a moment, as he realised her water had broke, he jumped and pulled Zoe as he rushed them to the medical hut. 

In that the moment, everyone seemed to disperse and move to the clinic in concern, Arai and Hope also entered as they helped. Irane had to help as since the child would be born prematurely, he needed to be ready to ensure his core is set and he is alive, before sustaining him as he did Summari and Nighla, as a few hours passed, Irane walked our holding Nighla in his left arm as it seemed a new child took he place in the sack. Summari was also moving about more as she now also on Irane’s arm, as though trying to be like Nighla, in terms of positions. They were a bit cranky if there were in direct oppositions of my body. He had his son in wrapped in his left 3rd wing, as he stretched: “Well this will take a few weeks, rest up Jr. and grow big and strong!” Mh Jr. hey, well for some reason I feel like I have to name him after myself. I wonder why. Let’s see Irane Kazemi Jr. … maybe let’s just say Irane Jr. for now, I honestly don’t know how your mother is gonna like the name anyways, so I’ll just call you junior for now.” He moved Dokia, Summari and Nighla closer to his chest, as he wrapped his free righty wing as a carry bag to hold all of them. He looked at them: “Seems only Urial is the only one missing, isn’t he. 

Arai was in the room as Ember was now asleep as Hope spoke up behind which frightened her a bit: “Love Arai Kazemi? Interesting, so you’re the romantic type.” Hope didn’t respond immediately as she seemed more shy about it, she tried to walk out the other entrance by the left side where she noticed Zoe standing by the door. She was trapped in that room as they cornered her there. Arai wasn’t in the mood, in all honesty she wished was not to discuss it. Hope had a serious expression, she asked simply: “So I am curious, why did you choose to place the seal around him instead of ordering him to die, or kill himself?” Arai looked down and signed in that moment as she looked at Hope in what seemed like annoyance and exhaustion mixed in: “Really? Kill yourself… that’s what you wanted me to order him. The same person who died Trillions of times? I did think about it. In that moment when I looked into his mind, the being who was there, that smile he had. I didn’t know that the seal had the requirements, no better to say I didn’t and I still don’t know how he works. Even now.” She sounded almost defeated which made Zoe feel worried as her face shifted to concerned, while Hope simply looked at her. Arai looked around as she carried on: “I heard it, Don’t give up, put your very core into it, Love Kazemi… I guess that was my mistake, I thought he was saying love, instead of live. I don’t think he can die. Even though his body seems normal, I did look at the notes and data made on him by Ember, Minia and Pandro. His can eat, but he doesn’t need it, he can breathe but in all rights he doesn’t need to. He operates on mana. He is a conceptual and I don’t think conceptual can die…” She paused for a moment as she continued: “Lord Mana, the being who brought spells to use, when we use spells we are tapping into him directly, into his power and ability, though the contract of set. IN the past when he was still around The Arke the first Grand Sage of magic and mana was the one who could create those contracts directly. People need to offer up a small bit of their life force in order to use his power. That s fact, but even now I think his still alive.” As she said Hope interjected in confusion: “You do realise what your saying right, your saying conceptual beings are immortal, so what Irane is immortal?” Arai looked even more concerned: “I think you misunderstand something, he was calling to our cores. When he was waking in that lab 15 years ago, he was set and being activated for someone, he had forgotten himself, his being and all that was going through his mind was the simply desire to grasp mana, it was strange. He created Summari and Nighla’s cores… he created their cores just as he created the command and will cores. In total he made 20 cores within himself. 20. 3 of those he set with use, 5 of them he gave to Aliya, Dokie, Mira, Pandro and Urial. Then there’s the child that Ember just gave birth to, he is different from the other 5, like Summari and Nighla. They were born with their cores set. When Summari and Nighla were conceived, he placed his creation and destruction cores within them.”

Arai took a deep breathe as though about to explain a lot: “The 5 command cores are special to him. In Irane those 5 cores are the cores most closely connected to his being. I need you both to grasp a simple fact… Irane Kazemi isn’t some tool. The tool is the body, the cores within his cells. He is a tool and his core. We are all our cores, and even his mind is set within his core. The core is what Irane Kazemi is. The command cores can’t force him to enact, all each do is command a certain aspect of Irane: 
* The Mind Command core - pairs with the subconscious mind
* The Heart Command Core - Pairs directly with his tool Iris
* The Body Command core- Pairs directly with his beats Enari
Now these 3 core, our 3 cores now act as the commands cores that oppose and control the main 3 beings that are Irane Kazemi, his mind, his body and, his core. I’m sure you’ve both spoken to them right, the beings that are his beasts and Tool. I met the subconscious of Irane, and all I couldn’t sense was a desire to be. In all rights the body of Irane is a tool for the core. Unlike us he has no need for food, water or even air. As long as his core flows mana, well he can’t die.” 

Zoe’s voice cut through: “So as long as he has mana he won’t die is what you’re saying?” Arai looked even more concerned as she looked down: “There are a total of 5 command cores, meaning in this whole world he will by all means obey the desires of those cores. My desire is set within his mind, Hope, your desire is set within his heart, while Zoe’s desire is set within his body. You could say we have control over certain aspects of him. As his mind, you could say like any living being, he will move to accommodate his mind. He will react in order to feel good, but his own feelings are sealed within. The command cores are more like signals of the body. If your hungry your body desires food, but what do you eat, that’s were craving or desire comes in. In a way you could say he erased all aspects of himself, but what remained was a primordial desire, and I made the mistake of assuming that desire was for love, when in truth it was simply a desire to live and experience. 
I have the back key to the seal, while his subconscious has the front key. Meaning he the seal should have broken a long time ago. I don’t know why it hasn’t broken yet… I spoke with him, that being, Kazemi… and all I can say is that that thing should never see the light of day. I don’t know how his seal works…” 
In that moment Hope asked: “I’m curious, if my order was to his heart, his tool, my desire for him to save himself…” Arai spoke: “He didn’t hear your other in his mind, he heard it in his heart. Your emotions, your mana, you could say your heart is what he was listening to and in your heart, the order to save himself was an order to save everyone, that is what you truly desired. Its why he saved everyone, but the with Aliya, Mira, Dokia, and Pandro it was a different story. He used their cores to complete the seal, but he also saved them based on you. He gave them his will cores, and those 5 cores are different from the command cores we have. Irane’s will is what those 5 are tied to, his soul, his emotions, his death, his spells and his techniques. All 5 are aspects of his actual will. But they are all tied to his actual will. Use 5 of the command cores, are tied directly to his core, his very being. He will do all he can to satisfy the commands from his body. He will do what makes his heart happy as any living creature does, he will use his body like any creature would. And his mind as well. The issue is the 5 main orders, the first 3 are self explanatory, Don’t give up, put your core into it, live Kazemi. That 3rd command is the biggest issue. Im not sure how he did it but it’s clear that…” She passed as she started to blush: “he did all those things because I told him to love me, his mind. He was following the desires of his mind, of Minia whom he confused for me.” Hope added: “iris asked me what my desire was?” Zoe also added: “Enari also asked me what I truly desire as thanks.” Arai continued: “yeah, and i was given access to his mind. I can hear his thoughts if I wanted to. Just like how of you are affected by the 2 aspects, his body and his experiences of death with it, his heart and his emotions that affect it, and then his mind and the soul engraved in it. Irane is a tool yes, and he wants to be with us, not because he loves us but because Love is what I told him to feel with that seal. You could say he created that seal with the cores of those I love.” Arai again passed with pure embarrassment. As she added: “The order to kill himself wouldn’t have worked, it’s a contradiction. He has 5 main line commands and that is set and he only obey their commands in a way. We all felt just a tiny percentage, a taste of what it’s like for him when we cane into contact for Summari and Nighla while they were still within Minia. He will never stop, his mind was only focused on his completing the seal. Whenever I tried to think about something either then the seal, I got a headache which made me feel paralysed. Hope, when you attack Minis when she was pregnant, you said you felt an uncontrollable rage and hatred towards her. That was the only way he could directly oppose Minia I think. Zoe you felt his bodies pain as a signal. All the wounds, scares and pains he was experiencing, it was all set on you’re. His cells dying and being reborn, in a way you experienced all of that. He thinks he doesn’t have free will but in truth he does. He is conscious of it, but even for him there are certain things he can’t even observe within himself. His love for us for example, that was something I placed in his mind. To him he just loves us, his mind simply says so, and why would anyone not trust their mind? He simply is and yet he things he is not for he remembers using himself as a tool against Kazemi. That is why he sees himself as a tool and he can’t get ride of that part of himself. He is a tool, Irane for as long as he is, if his body needs to it will evolve and never stop moving forward, if his heart is in a task than he will put everything he has or is in order to complete that task. And finally, if his mind is also added, he will do all that it says to do in order to complete his desire.” 

Simon popped up behind Zoe, he was in the room next door listening in as he placed his hand on Zoe shoulder which surprised her as he asked Arai: “So basically, he will do anything you want is wha your tell me?” Hope added: “No, it’s not that simple is it. It’s not about simply wanting something, it needs to be something we truly truly desire with our cores. Iris when I spoke to her asked me what my cores true desire was, it was what Irane heard back in the tent, I want to have power, as power and authority are what gives some more choices, more options in life…” Zoe also added: “My desire for a home, a place to call home and a place where children won’t have to fight and die, a place of safety and hope…” Arai looked down as they all stared, in that moment Ember added: “And what about you witch? What exactly did you desire the most from that disgusting evil core of yours?” Arai stared at her for a moment, as she closed her eyes: “I thought through the years what I truly desired was to end the rain of the Arke twins, I really did want to destroy them, no to make them suffer…” Simon asked: “Yeah isn’ that what you said you wanted to Irane?” Arai snapped back: “Its not the same, with Hope and Zoe, they have beings Enari and Iris who they are tied to within Irane constantly, but me, the voice in his head, is always screaming at him to live. He couldn’t die even if he wanted to. And as for me, he asked me that question when I was placing the seal on him 15 years ago, his mind asked me what my cores desire was and well, it was to experience being loved.” She blushed profusely at this. As Ember chuckled: “Well damn, you really are a pathetic woman, making a man who had no desire towards you your slave. Your pathetic…” Arai interrupted her: “He’s dead Ember!” Ember laughter stopped as she looked at Arai, who stared right back at her with a sad expression on her face: “Breaking the seal, won’t return him to you.” Ember simply laughed again: “Really, and why would I believe the words of a which, a witch who forces someone to love them, it truly shows how pathetic you are Arai.” Arai simply stared to the ground as though enduring a regretful thought. As she ensured Embers burning words Hope spoke up: “Enough, you can be as angry as you want, it doesn’t change anything. He never loved you Ember!” Ember seemed to silently break as she looked towards Hope: “Is that so and how do you know? How would you know, uhhh Hope?” Hope’s expression was on annoyance and a bit of anger towards Ember as she spoke: “I know how he views everyone, how his emotions are set. ‘Z’ is dead but his emotions and feelings, those didn’t die. Right now I am connected to Irane’s heart, and I can tell you know they only feelings he has when he sees you is nothing but sense of dread. You know the person he was, you and Simon. His core is actively avoiding knowing you are your core, because you have information on his part, remember his first ever order to himself: “Forget yourself!” He erased who he was, but more than that, his very mind can’t register you, but he can still be near you, simply because…” Hope passed for a moment before she asked: “Simon, Ember, do either of you know ‘Z’s real name? His true name?” Simon spoke first: “No, ‘Z’ was a nickname, I believe his name did start with Z but that’s all I know, the only other person who might now his true name would probably be Crimi. She was the one who brought ‘Z’ into the resistance, so if anyone would know his name, it would be her. But no one in the organisation knew his full name, even his surname. But I must ask why does that matter. I spoke to him earlier and he did say he couldn’t fully see my core, so that explains why he couldn’t fully see my core. I know Z, we weren’t close, I would say no one was that close to him, he didn’t really reveal anything about his past.” 
Ember screamed out: “He spoke with me, he told me about his mother, about Aura. I know more about him, he told me all of that, he was honest with me, and he revealed a lot to me, so why, what do you mean he never revealed anything to me?” 
Simon spoke up: “It wasn’t a major secret about his mother and Aura, even I know about that. In truth very very few knew about that. Crimi did share that with most of us back then. So yeah that wasn’t all that secret but I is clear that his mother and his old girlfriend. He never spoke of them when I tried to bring it up. It was a touchy subject, but he did want to see them again. I think that was what he wanted more than anything. It’s why he took the most dangerous missions, why he never stopped and was in a way trying to die. Miho hatted that about him, how he seemed suicidal yet, no one could argue with the results. We even used to joke about how if he ever was to get a core, he would win no doubt. But I never expected him to beat that trial. I mean nearly a 2 billion people tried and he succeeded. I guess I should go and get my money from Tan now, he owes me.” Simon then snapped back: “Ah, sorry regardless Z is dead then why does his name matter?” 

Zoe replied: “A name is an identity, it is who we are and a name is given never really take. For some people, their names are ached onto our cores, like how you can tell my clan just by observing my mana, it’s a very rare skill that very few have. Irane can read a person name fro their core. He doesn’t need mana to identify your clan, no he simply needs look at you and all that you are is exposed to him. I don’t know if it’s possible but what if the name in his core is a that original name.” This made Ember eyes open wide as she asked: “Does that mean if we break the seal while telling him his name, does that mean Z will come back.” Ember excited voice was quickly crushed by Arai: “No, Z is dead, and his mind, his mind has erased everything that was Z from him, all that remained was his emotions and feelings. Memories are gone. So I don’t think that will work. None of his orders simply just end, even now he is carrying out all the orders he has. It’s why he can’t perceive Ember and Simons cores well. No matter what you do, Z will never return, and that being, his subconscious, I can assure you, he is no human, no anything you can wrap your head around. He is a conceptual and all conceptual’s are monsters, and that goes for Irane too.” 
Ember snarled at Arai: “Talk about calling a kettle black, you’re an annoying witch. What right do you have to call him a monster.” She had had enough, enough of all of it as she screamed for all of them to leave. They all left except Zoe, who sat next to her. Ember looked at her with rage and annoyance, as Zoe simply said: “I won’t leave you alone when you just gave birth, I need to make sure you’re okay.” As she sat there looking at her. Arai left he room with Hope and Simon 

Simon sat down within Arai’s room where he with Hope and Arai all went there after being forced to leave. As Simon looked at Arai: “Tell me, seeing as how Irane works, can’t you simply order him to do whatever you want now? Like ordering him to kill Vraka and Selis?” Arai looked down as she spoke: “The seal isn’t my work, in actuality I could say I had about 10% of involvement in that seal. I know how it works and how it’s set but otherwise I don’t know fully. Even now I don’t know why the seal is still set when the being within has the front key. I only have the back key in a way. 2 keys for the front and back. The seal should have broken anytime now, so I don’t know. And also ordering him isn’t as simple as asking him to do something. He will only obey an order from our cores, not use directly. If it’s not something we ourselves desire more than anything, he will simply ignore the order, it has to be a deep desire.” Hope added: “One with genuine emotions behind it I assume?” Arai continued: “Yes, and Irane isn’t who we are command either, Hope your command Iris and his heart, while Zoe is commanding Enari and his body. They can still reject us, after all there are the other 2 command cores.” 
Simon added: “That reminds me, Arai you said that he had 20 cores he made, and that he gave all his will and command cores away. Then what about Summari and Nighla? Whose core are they from?” Arai paused: “I don’t know. Even the idea that he can create cores is impossible, for the bring a core without a will or conscious is impossible. I don’t know how he created those 2. The 3 main command cores were made from mine, Hope’s and Zoe’s mana, but those 2 were created from a different mana source a different core.” Hope asked: “Could it be from Minia’s core? She was involved with her mana saturation art.”  Arai spoke: “No her art simply acted as a delivery tool for our mana within him. There are a total of 5 different cores that can command Irane. I suspect Summari and Nighla’s cores were formed with Kazemi, the great dragon in the trail as the base, which if that’s true, well that makes them even more dangerous…” Arai seemed concerned as she continued: “I don’t know anything about him. I have no idea about him, but I can assure of 1 fact, he was going to take my, Hope and Zoe’s core if he escaped, I simply traded our cores. It was a challenge. And I accepted. Though I never expected him to make Summari and Nighla. It’s clear those 2 are very special cores. I mean it’s hard t tell.” 
Hope looked at Arai and asked: “Are you okay, for real Arai?” Arai simply looked down, she wasn’t sure, as she replied she had the gentle yet defeated tone: “I mean… I keep telling myself that I did what was best in that situation. But now im not sure. Ember was right, he did all those things because he thought he was obeying my orders. If I didn’t do anything maybe he wouldn’t have actually returned to life, maybe he would have died, and than we wouldn’t have this discussion. Maybe Aliya’s and Valariya’s father would still be alive, maybe Toma wouldn’t have the power he has now. I hated them so much, I hated those 2 monsters, Vraka and Selis. More than anything I did all I did hoping maybe I would finally end them, hoping that after their gone, the world would make more sense. Or maybe we would be able to have a better life. Maybe if I did nothing, things would be better, maybe Ember was right. I was stupid enough to make such a pointless mistake. It was foolishness. I don’t know how to make up for all of it, I really don’t.” Hope was about to speak when Simon continued: “I’m curious, do you think ‘Z’ needed your mana or your power to succeed in the trail? Do you really think you made a difference in the conflict? Let me tell you a little fact, I have no doubt in my mind that Z would have succeeded in that trail with or without your mana within him. It didn’t work in the millions your did it with before him, and I can assure you he was the one who succeeded. Now he said thank you, Irane I mean. He doesn’t hate you, despite everything he, the main person who has suffered and has the most right to hate you, well he doesn’t hate you. He knows what you did yet still. And I know you think you can chalk it up to him being commanded to love you, but maybe your thinking a little to deeply about that, don’t you think. Imagine for a second, a world were you didn’t place hat seal, a world where Irane would have been able to walk free unbound. I don’t think that would have been good for anyone. In my opinion Arai, you have earned the title of Goddess in my eyes{Referencing Sofia’s story}. You might disagree but I do feel like you saved us all.” Hope even jumped with excitement: “Personally speaking, I’m actually glad you did it and if we could go back and do it again, I wouldn’t change anything. It was you who made the body of Cai. Plus I feel like you’re focusing on the negatives alone. True 8 killing thousands, but didn’t he also save all of the Primals in Heaven cause he accept the order. Imagine if they all died. He did that, and he did that because of you in a way. Think of alll the good to please.” Arai started to tear up at their words as Hope tried to comfort her as she hugged her. She embraced her as Simon watched in a feeling a bit out of place as he went outside to give them space. He thought to himself: “All we need do is wait, and Irane will deal with them. Right? If only they wouldn’t be so concerned. If it was me in command of him, I would have ordered him to destroy all those who oppose me(speaking as Aevum), well whatever, I’m relieved he wasn’t able to perceive my core directly, but that was far to close. Maybe I have a guardian watching over me.” 

At the same time as they were having their conversation. Zoe had finished checking on Ember, as Irane entered the room to see Ember. He didn’t look around the room as Zoe asked: “How’s the baby doing?” Irane replied: “No issues, he is stable and growing, in about 6 to 8 weeks time he should be fully developed and able to live without an issue.” Zoe added: “Really Summari and Nighla needed months if I am not incorrect?” Are replied sharply: “Don’t compare the 2 of them to him. Summari and Nighla’s core are different connected to my core. Unlike the command cores you, Arai and Hope have, their command cores are directly linked to my core. They command my core directly, so they are very different. It’s also why I’m not sure on how to handle them. It worries me a bit to have them play with Dokia and Urial. In all honesty when their mana cores start to release mana in a year’s time. Their will somewhat corrupt them. Summari and Nighla abilities will be far more terrifying than anything you could ever know. Junior here, well it will take far longer for him to fully develop. In a way I would equate him more to Dokia and Urial in a way. Honestly the only reason I’m worried is cause my blood flows through his veins. I don’t know what effect that will have on him.” Irane passed as he looked at Ember: “Before I forget, Ember if you don’t mind, I wanted to ask you if you had a particular name you wanted to give him, as I was more on the direction of calling him Irane Junior.” Ember looked at him with venom in her eyes. She hated looking at him as he was now, those draconic features only made her feel even more disgusting as she spoke: “Irane Junior, isn’t that cute, so tell me why would I want anything to do with that child exactly, call it whatever you want!”Irane stared at Ember with some animosity: “Is that so, well if you say so, I won’t cry or deny your request. Irane Irane Kazemi Junior it is!” Zoe looked a bit confused: “Why name him Irane twice?” Irane looked at her as he thought back: “I was told that it was normal for a father to name their first child by their names. So I was following that tradition, plus Summari and Nighla are somewhat similar, both of their middle names and last name is Irane Kazemi. For Jr, I wanted to name him directly after myself, but as he is my son, I had to give him my name as his middle name, now I did think of giving the name Minia as a middle name to both of my daughters, but in all honesty I hate that woman, so I would much rather not call them that, better for them to have my name instead of their mothers.” He lifted Summari and Nighla a bit higher as he said: “So this: 
Summari Irane Kazemi and she is Nighla Irane Kazemi. And he will be Irane Irane Kazemi Jr.” 

Ember laughed as though ridiculing Irane: “Really and what stupidity, honestly who even told you that childish premise?” Irane smiled as he replied: “The same person who named me, Valariya. So I like the idea of him having the same name as me, as that name ‘Irane’ is very important to me.” His smile caught Ember of guard as she stared it for some time, as she spoke: “What if I wanted him to have my last name, ‘Vane’ would you allow that?” Irane looked at Ember with surprise as he spoke: “If that’s what you want, I don’t mind one bit, but I do hear that children normally take their fathers last name, though I really don’t care about that. ‘Kazemi’ is a terrifying word to use in this world it seems, I can tell based on how everyone just started to call me Lord Kazemi, it bothers me.” Zoe looked at him as she noted his change in expression, she chucked as she asked: “Why don’t you like it?” As he answered: “‘Irane’ is my first name, while ‘Kazemi’ is my last name. But it is also not my name, the being within me, within my core, my subconscious his name is ‘Kazemi’, while his last name is ‘Irane’. So when everyone calls me lord Kazemi it feel like their talking about him, not me. Well we are the same person in a way, but different.” 
Ember seemed confused: “Why are you acting like that, why does something as pointless as name matter to you?” Irane laughed at the question: “Well a name is identity, ones name is marked on their very core you know, even your name, Ember Vane is marked on your core. Just like how Zoe’s core is marked as Zoe Navar. Though the core she has now is marked as Zoe Kazemi, simply for identification. All my cores are marked with that name Kazemi. Just is what it is. But I find your question strange, tell me when you call me Z and 8 do you think I like that?” Ember seemed dumbfounded at the question as she stared at him. He spoke again: “Z isn’t a name, it’s a letter, best it can me is a nickname, while 8, well that’s just a number. But they aren’t names. So now tell me do you know what I asked you if you knew what Z’s name was?” Ember again still with a confused looked simply replied: “No, why did you want to know it?” Irane placed Summari and Nighla on his 2nd pair of wings as he crossed his arms and continued: “I’ll be honest with you, I wanted to place a gravestone and place it next to the gravestone I am planing on placing for Valariya. Even if I don’t like him, it doesn’t mean I can’t give him a proper funeral.” Those words angered Ember: “What right do you have to bury someone you don’t know? His not dead, his simply trapped within whatever you think you are!” Irane looked at Ember as he noticed her anger: “Maybe you’ll find this ridiculous, after all your right, I didn’t really know the guy, but there is one simply fact I need you to comprehend, ‘Z’ or whatever you call him was a failure, plain and simple!” 
Ember was about to scream as she paused while looking at Irane. Hatred seemed to be flowing all around him, his very mana, his very core was reacting, so much so that Ember could tell, he wasn’t lying as Irane added: “I have absolutely nothing good to say about a man to scared to die that he chose to erase himself instead! He couldn’t even die, the main thing all living creatures must do and he even failed at that. You can say all you like about him, but there is one simple fact that you and Simon seem to misunderstand, he hated himself, and it’s clear based on how much I hate him. How much I hate myself. There is no one in this world I hate more than myself. His memories are gone, but his emotions, his feelings remain and I can tell you, he truly displeased himself.” 
Ember in her anger asked: “How can you bad mouth him, he was a good person who did all he could do to protect people. He put his life on the line and he never gave up, no matter what he did, so how dare you, how dare call him a failure, your alive, your here because he passed the trail, so how dare y…” Irane cute her off: “Don’t make me laugh, if he succeeded, then why am I here, and not him?” Ember stopped in her tracks, as Irane continued: “You saw it right, my designs for 5 years. You didn’t even scratch the surface of my design, which is lucky for you cause you would have lost your mind, you experienced what 305_654 fights in that 5 years, sorry to break it to you, but in reality there was a total of 37.2 trillion records and designs. Trillion, do you even comprehend how long that is, how many that is. And tell me, as you watched over all those designed, which ones make you think he was still alive. Did you see Z fighting, or did you see something unexplainable fight, I’m willing to bet its the later. There is no way to succeed in that trail. No better to say, what entered and what leaves are 2 very very different things. Its Millennium, thousands upon thousands of years passed in that space, in that trail. For me it is was a like a dream, I can promise you Z is gone and all that remains in his place is Kazemi. And I’m willing to bet Z and Kazemi are nothing, nothing alike.” 
Ember bit her lip in rage as Zoe asked: “Kazemi, that name is the ancient name of the dragon, did Valariya call you that too?” Irane looked at her: “No, Kazemi was the name Enari gave me, you can say that Enari is were I got the name of my core: “Kazemi” and I can say Iris mark me, this body with them ‘Irane’. If that makes sense…” Irane made to leave as Ember asked: “Tell me if your really alive, if your truly alive, then tell me what was I to him, what do you feel for me, what feelings do you get when you look at me?” At this Embers face was streaming with tears as Irane looked back to her, he tears made him want to lie to her, but that wouldn’t help anyone as she gripped his fist and answered: “I feel like you are someone I can trust me life. I feel like I can trust you thats about it Ember…” Ember looked at him as she asked: “And how do you feel for Arai?” Zoe was shocked that she would just ask as she looked on worried to his reply, Irane looked at ember turning his body to her, his expression was dead serious: “I love her!” Ember again gripped her hand tightly now as she asked: “You love someone cause they ordered you, that’s quite sad don’t you think?” Irane chucked a bit that as he replied: “I’m curious Ember, did you choose to fall in love with Z or did that just happened out of your control?” He had a smile on his face, as he looked on, Ember seemed surprised by the question as she looked down blushing slightly: “It just,… I just fell in love with him, that’s all.” Irane chucked again: “So you love someone and you don’t even know his full name. I didn’t choose to love her, though I don’t feel like love isn’t something you can force and explain. I really don’t think anyone can ever just choose who they love. Honestly speaking, I think love might be a drug or poison considering how it makes people act, wouldn’t you agree Ember, Zoe?” He said as he stepped towards the door: “Ember, for now I will simply name him Irane Vane Jr. I don’t really mind, you have every right to name your son, just as much as I have. So as I gave him is first name, you are free the offer him his last name.” He said as he left. Soon Ember started to cry out loud, she just couldn’t hold it in anymore, she finally broke through her damn as she cried. In that moment Zoe hugged her tightly as she comforted her, Ember leaned in as she cried into Zoe’s arms. 

Irane walked towards Arai’s hut as he noticed Simon leaving: “Interesting, it seems we both are horrible man, meh Simon, seeing how we both made 2 strong woman cry. We really are monsters.” Simon looked at him as he seemed somewhat tired, he tapped his right shoulder: “Yeah I guess we really are monsters.” He walked forward a few steps as Irane chucked while still having a sad expression on his face as Simon called out to him: “hey Irane, Not sure if your interesting but I have a few bottles in my room, would you join me for a drink, seeing as were both monsters tonight?” Irane smiled: “Sure, I don’t remember the last time I had a drink, no like serious I don’t remember.” He said as he walked with Simon to his hut. 


Part 6.2: What is an Emperor?

Simon and Irane were in Simon’s hut as he brought out a drink: “Now this is one of the most expensive drinks made in human history, there are only 50 bottles ever made, it is a one of a kind drink that will send you to Valhalla and back.” Irane looked with Simon, noting oh he seemed excited as he pour him a drink: “Now than Irane, lets see just how well you can hold your liquor.” Irane laughed a bit, which caught Simons attention: “Well a drinking competition isn’t a big deal right now seeing how I’ve put the kids to bed, but I do need to make this fair. You see my body will adapt constantly to toxins, neutralising it. Unless I deactivate my bodies evolutionary functionality and also my mind’s processing ability. My heart won’t be much of an issue. But it can only de-activate them temporarily.” Simon stared at Irane: “ So you can de-active your bodies command cores.” Irane smiled as he took a sip: “Smooth, not bad at all. No, my command cores are different from the cores I have set now. You can say I have Arai’s, Hope’s, and Zoe’s cores all functioning as a my mind’s temporal processing, my hearts spacial ability, and my bodies evolutionary ability. That’s really it. I can live without those 5 cores, it’s why I can just give them away without it affecting me.” 
Simon had only taken a few drinks but it was clear he was drunk by now as Irane took another sip he looked at Simon who was clearly drunk and wobbling now as he spoke: “Tell me Irane, you really don’t remember being ‘Z’?” Irane took a sip: “Nope! So drop it already. It is tiring being called or referenced to him all the time!” Simon chuckled a bit: “Really now, im surprised, I didn’t know you could feel more than 1 emotion tool.” Irane stared at Simon slightly shocked but more confused than shocked: “Really now, the Ascen posing as a human dares to call me a machine. Well at least this machine has a name, and wears it proudly.” Irane replied with a smile as Simon started to laugh a bit, he sat up straight as he refiled their glasses:
“You know I hated my name for an every long time, it felt strange, like holding on to a version of myself that was long gone and dead. I guess I finally gave up on the idea of every living up to that name, so now I am just Simon, plain old Simon, I like that name, it felt weird when I first started using it, but that feeling quickly disappeared.” He said with a smile. Irane took a gulp as he replied: “Really, sounds rough, I never had that kind of a problem, more of a purpose criss then an identity criss really. Well not that it matters anymore. We can’t be held back by a past, for me my past is feels like a dream where I was fighting myself, under command of myself. It was nice to hear Valariya’s story though.” Simon added: “Really, I don’t envy you honestly. You’re lucky, if I was in Arai’s shoes I would have you move on and kill everyone I don’t like.” He laughed as Irane also added a laugh: “It seems you also don’t get it, Do you think it’s fun? Being like this, do you think Mira, or Arai are happy. Do you know what it’s like to have your core in the hands of another being?” Irane seemed extremely serious as she asked. Simons laughter quickly ended as he replied: “I guess I don’t really get it…” Irane continued: “Arai explained a bit of the reality of her core being with me, but she doesn’t fully grasp it, IU’m sure she doesn’t even understand how her seal works. Honestly I find that to be quite funny.” He smiled as he took a drink and refiled his and Simons cups. He looked serious again: “The seal is active while Arai keeps her contract set. While im in this state, better to say while I am ‘awake’ the voice I hear in my head is Arai’s voice, but the second, I tap more and more into my cores power, the more the voice I hear changes to the voice of Kazemi-Irane. You could almost see it as me having voices in my head, but instead of voices, what it really is, is intention. The mind of Arai is very different from the mind of Kazemi. So you can say while I hear Arai’s mind, I am me, I am Irane, And the more I use my core the more my mind alters to Kazemi’s desires. It’s different all the time really. I have about 4 different forms, and each is dependent. Right now im at my weakest where my body, heart and mind cores are all aligned with Arai, Hope and Zoe. But it changes when I start to tap into the power of Enari or Iris. Then I alter a bit, even my personality is affected cause of the feedback. But my mind is dependent on the cores in my body. Summari and Nighla are unique as they connected to my core, directly, there is no Enari and Zoe clashing, they are 1 aspect. So Enari and Zoe control my body and my drive, while Hope and Iris affect my heart and mana. My mind is always dependent, on which state Im in, instead of Kazemi and Arai fighting over control, the seal ensures that only one of them are in control at all time. But it only really applies to my whole body. The more I tap into my cores power, the more my mind is altered to Kazemi’s mind. Me the consciousness is set permanently. I am Irane and I am Kazemi, it all really depends on the mind on how I behave. Which is the tragedy of me.” 
He took a hug chuck of the drink as he finished explaining. 

The 2 simply sat there and spoke, simply speaking as Irane would add: “You know I appreciate you Simon, you’re the only person who treats me as well a normal person. I think Zoe is a close second but well, she still has more ideas about me. Its annoying. No one treats me normally. It’s either I’m a monster, or I’m a deity like being that must be worshipped. I find it refreshing when you call me by name, it feels honest.” Simon chucked: “You know I don’t believe in masters or Gods. The only God I know is myself.” He said with smirk across his face as Irane replied: “Really now, how prideful and delusional. I’m envious. I would almost agree with you if I didn’t see the very Gods, the pillars of our universe.” Simon laughed: “You know they called them Pillars and not Gods because they are passive beings…” Irane looked at him in confusion: “passive beings? What does that mean.” Simon explain: “In ancient time in Orians, long before the split the Pillars were described by the Primordials as beings that simply operate and ensure the functionality of the universe.” Irane replied: “Ah, what your saying is that the Pillars simply operate and where bi-products of them simply existing.” Simon quickly added as he jumped up: “Exactly! Imagine it, we are alive simply because they are and yet they don’t ever interact or interface directly with the universe with intent. It was the Primordials who created the universe, the stars and worlds, as they lived and died in the baby universe.” Irane interrupted: “I see but you know that the Primordials where the direct products of the Pillars. So doesn’t that oppose your view?” Simon laughed as he added: “It would if that was proven, it’s just a theory at this point.” Irane looked at him a smile: “I see nothing but theorise. Well not like we could ever find out the truth anyways.” Simon smiled: “True, maybe some mysteries are better not known, lets leave that for those it will effected millions of years from now. Today, let’s drink and enjoy the night.” They both cheered as they drank.” As midnight approached, Simon had passed from drinking as Irane sat him in his bed, gathered the sleeping children and walked out the door as he thought to himself as though speaking to Summari and Nighla: “I like him, he actually treats me like a human. No, don’t worry I’m not a fool. I know there where some lies mixed in with some of the things his said. I’ll keep a close eye on him. Still like him though. Anyways, guess we should go to bed, we have a lot to do.” He paused as he looked up in the sky, it was an Obtuse moon, shining bright in the sky, as he noted: “Its almost perfect hey, interesting…. I wonder what a full moon really looks like when I’m not dreaming. I will admit being alive, being awake feels strange. Things made a lot more sense when all I had to do was fight Enari and beat him. I mean that was complicated and it took him about it. 88,888,872 years of an endless battle. And endless war of attrition. It was endless Enari, Iris really make me. What is it Kazemi said: 

‘You are the man reforged with and refined with primordial dragon fire. 
The core who stands absolute of 37.2 trillion other cores. 
The being refined and relentless. The undying Tool. 
Irane Core Kazemi - The Ultimate Tool’ 

I hate it so much, being called the ultimate tool. It annoyed me when Simon mentioned it, how he would control me. If only he was lying about that part. Damnit. It annoys me. If only they understood, what is was like to know your at the mercy of your own instincts. My body, I can feel every cell, and I feel Zoe’s mana flowing through me. If only I could switch of this evolutionary ability, I do wonder what its like to not be in your right state of mind, I wonder if its the same as if I was dreaming? Maybe… But even that, I can’t turn this off, my body will always evolve, and all I can do is slow it to a point. And rest. Then there my heart, I can feel it in Zoes chest, it beating according to her heartbeat. It feels strange and invasive to say the least. Being that connected. I mean with Zoe i feel anxious about damaging my body, she does facilitate the life and death of my cells, and the production and of the mana I have. It really is weird to say the least, and worse even is controlling myself so as Hope’s heart doesn’t overreact, I’m glad Mira has Emo, it at least allowed her to facilitate my heart. Then there’s my real problem. Arai and Kazemi. My mind. Never thought id be terrified of my own mind.  Arai hasn’t tapped into my mind, like Zoe and Hope have tapped into my Body and Heart. Not sure if I’m relieved or worried. Hearing her thoughts constantly is a real bummer, a she’s so serious. Her mental meltdowns are funny though. I wonder how long it will take them to realise just how much power they all have over me. Well whatever, I have you 2 Summari, Nighla. At least with you 2 I have some backup. Well whatever. I’ll just enjoy this freedom and control and privacy while it lasts. Might as well enjoy after creating that damn seal. Seriously though, I wonder how well this plan of mine will work. I did my best to look at it from all angles, but there is way to many unpredictables. Though I do want make sure we make the best move. Arai, Hope and Zoe… what a terrifying set of woman. All of them seem quite charming in their own ways. Can’t believe such an interesting set of Woman would become my Jailers. Not that I’m complaining. Still I should try my best to not destroy everything. I shouldn’t abuse this time I have. Be the Champion. That order seems incomplete, I need to complete it ASAP. It’s been killing me every time I had to think about other things. Seriously, I can’t believe I have to complete that. If I had any other choice I would go and just kill Vraka and Selis right now, but an Emperor must think about his subjects. 

I wonder what Kind Emperor I should aim to be after. I mean yeah Valariya’s emperor was more fantastical, while Sofia’s… Well looking at it from Pandro’s core I was more a builder than a fighter. Which explains a lot. I see, so that’s what I need to do to be done with this tasks. Well anyways, I should probably go and prepare the 2 Grave stones tomorrow. I wonder what I should write under Valariya’s? I’ll ask Aliya, she would know. Now the more complex one, what should I write on the 2nd stone. I may not like the guy, but clearly he’s not so bad to people. Maybe I’ll even write his…” 

As he walked to wards Arai’s Hut. We need to note that in the past few months Irane had altered and used magic and mana to create proper houses which even have overs, hot water and water and running toilets. More based on pre-existing infrastructure set up by Arai, Hope and Zoe. With Simons survival knowledge. He was enjoying his time there as he lived, he moved on to Arai’s hut where he had made his room where he slept, He normally passed Dokia off to Zoe. But tonight he had carried her around with him all day. Seems she would spend the night with them. As he entered he noticed how Arai was already asleep as it seemed Summari, Nighla and Dokia all decided that they suddenly had energy as they woke up and moved about. Irane simply smiled as he made sure there was a wind spell that prevented sound from intruding. He had set many of seal and spells around. Most used them as they resembled the ancient symbols and mana tools in Paradis and the other ancient cities. He was using what most would call Primordial seals and technology arts. As Irane would note to all that he did have the actual core of a Primordial being. It was now that he watched them this night from 1:00 till early morning as he was watched them till morning. 
As Arai woke up she noticed how Irane was busy making breakfast as Irane invited her to sit, She seemed a bit reluctant as he passed her a cup of coffee, in the specific way she likes it, it was specifically and even the food. As she wondered why he was doing this, She noticed how he seemed energetic: “Question what did you do last night?” Irane smirked as he replied: “You know we would need to have that conversation if you just used your core and tapped into my mind, or are you still scared of Kazemi and what he’ll do to you in there?” His smirk is what annoyed her, as she asked again: “Did you sleep last night, yes or no and if no, why?” Irane laughed: “Interesting, you’re ordering me like im some kind of machine. Your interesting Arai, I’ll give you that… Anyways, I had drinks with Simon and than I got back around 1:00, at which time Summari, Nighla and Dokia all decided to wake up, and well keep me up all night.” Arai stared with curiosity: “You don’t seem tired?” Irane smiled as he replied: “I don’t really need sleep. In all honesty, im never really asleep. For me to actually sleep I would need to place myself into status. And I promise you, it is not fun.” Arai stared as she asked: “Wait, you don’t sleep, then why do you always lie down when we were sleeping.” Irane laughed: I wasn’t asleep, I was simply in my universe, Time works differently there. It’s also the only place I can sleep. My core is the universe and the core of Kazemi, As he is within. So when im “asleep”, I was actually just in my universe mind scape. It just a fancy way of saying I was meditating. I am only really active as I am moving towards my purpose and goal. I don’t need sleep. But I do entered that meditative state just to relax. It is comfortable.” 
Arai looked at him again: “Wait a minute so you’re telling me, you basically never have to sleep? Then what’s your current order?” My fifth order is the one I am currently enacting, best to describe it as a I was order to be alive. Not just be alive, but to actually be alive if you get me. Kazemi is a mind state, just like your a mind state for me. But I am that which lives within that mind-scape. For example, if my mind decided kiling is funny, I wouldn’t just start killing, but I would start laughing at it. But it killing someone actually made me happy, now that’s a different story. Anyways just think of it like hardware and how it restricts the full use of the a system. My body works a certain way when your in charge, and another way when Kazemi’s will takes over. Again. Imagine having the mind of a being who was literally reforged in dragon fire. His very blood, my very blood is the ore to make tools. I’m basically a tool born to execute evolve and never stop. All I do is move forward until my goals are achieved. I can’t stop when I start something. Think of it like a complex. I still accepted that order to be the champion, even though I am trying to cancel the order, it won’t work. I don’t have a choice but to complete it.” 
Irane was packing a bag as she was talking, as he made his way to the door: “Listen up, just so you know I’m fully aware that this love I have for all three of you is artificially set. To be honest I’m cool with it. Just because you love someone doesn’t mean they will love you. Live your life knowing that Arai. And know that I am grateful to you. I ment it when I called your seal a work of art. It really is a work of art of a seal. I think we need to name it something: What about “Level 11 Alpha/Omega class seal: Arai’s conscious Prison”? What do you think” 

Arai laughed slighy as she just said: “How about Level 11 Seal: Arainda Seal”, I think the level 11 on its own speaks volumes. Irane smiled: “Well level doesn’t exist anyways so not like it matters. Keep an eye on those 3, im sure they’re tired, I need to carve some grave stone. Plus I also made breakfast for Hope and Zoe, so please stop thinking I made you breakfast cause I love you!” 
Arai coughed and he said this with a mischievous grin on his face as he walked out. She wondered what he was up to as she looked towards the babies on the table. It was strange that as this moment she was again alone with them. As she took them to bath and sleep. She wasn’t sure what he ment, but one fact did stand, she didn’t want to tap into his mind again. That feeling as of last time was far to much her, and she was scared. Terrified in fact of Kazemi(Irane’s Subconscious). As she wondered if Hope and Zoe also had to deal with a terrifying being who has position of their cores. She was curious, but not enough to look into his mind. 

Irane moved about throughout as he carved out 2 stone slabs, he asked everyone to come to the mountain side in the evening around 15:00 the next day. Ember had healed enough as Irane asked her to come as well. It was a funeral as Irane had wished to properly honour Valariya with the permission of Aliya, Arai and, Dio. He had made sure to gain their permission and input as well for the message that would be carved into the stone head. As the day had come it now that Irane showed the first slab, implanted on the ground which read: “Here lies Valariya Hallow: Beloved sister and wife. She who offered the names, a name. A story teller who’s fairy-tail brought hope to millions. Beloved by all.”

It was heartfelt enough to bring Aliya and Arai to tears, as Milla also cried profusely as she cried into Dio’s arms. Leo seemed more furious than sad. No he was angry at himself, at his weakness. He was also sad at the lost of an old friend, as he looked on at the tomb stone. As they all bared witness and cried together for some time, Irane them pulled the cover over the second tombstone: “Here lies Zyiphor: Beloved friend. He who defeated Kazemi. Beloved by few, his deeds unknown to millions, rest in peace. ‘Z” 

What caught everyone was the full name on the stone. As Irane stood next to Ember as she started to tear up. Even Simon felt a bit of emotion over it, as Ember asked: “Is that. Is that really is name?” Irane kept looking at the stone: “Who knows, I feel like its far more dignified then just having a letter as a name on your tombstone. ‘Zyiphor’… it means gift. His parents must have really loved him to give him such a name.” As he said this he still kept looking at the stone as Ember started crying slightly more: “I don’t think his dead, I know he isn’t dead. I know he isn’t!” Irane looked at her for a moment as he though: “Denial, I did hear it was all part of dealing with lose, not that I know, I honestly don’t feel anything, but I feel like this is right…” 
Irane kept staring at the stone as she whispered silently: “Goodbye Zyiphor! I really hope it was all worth it.” As he said this what seemed like a door seemed to close in Irane’s mind as Arai would feel a shift in her own core, as though something occured, she was hesitant to check but curiosity got the best of her resolve as she check and noted how the first command, was mark: 

[Mark report: Command: Don’t Give Up - Forget Yourself! — Fully complete, erasure complete] 

As she saw this her widened as she looked at Irane. His eyes were simply staring at the grave, everyone seemed to be together. Even Simon had come over and was hold Ember as they looked at the grave. Simon placed flowers there, as Ember seemed reluctant to even try. She was heartbroken, and it showed. Everyone simply cried as Irane voice echoed through the sorrow: 
“All things that have a begging, must have an Ending. That is absolute. Today we shall mourn and cry for what we have lost, we must for what is gone will be missed. But tomorrow we shall celebrate them, their lives, their impacts, all they had achieved. Tomorrow we shall celebrate, so today I ask you to mourn. All of you, make sure your not stuck with the dead for to long. Life moves on, don’t let it pass you by.” 
He said as a massive flame pillar erupted from behind the graves, they seemed to be a fire of a variety of colour, but those who were close to Valariya started to notice, the flames mana that was burning, was the same as the mana of Valariya. As Aliya started to cry even more into Arai’’s arms. Even Mira and Hope got closer as they watch in sorrow. 
Irane looked on. Kazemi Art: “Funeral Pyre!” To be honest, it’s an annoying Art to use. Even though I created it, doesn’t mean I like it. I have to constantly be thinking about those who died in order for the spell to work. Zyiphor and Valariya. Interesting. Well it is the last time I will have to remember him anyways. Valariya I will never forget, while I will never remember Zyiphor after today. Its interesting.

It had been a month as everyone was prepare to enact Irane’s plan. Everyone seemed more energetic and motivated as all the 150 children started attending Irane’s training. Each learning and grasping the arts. The Assa and Rui were the best from the butch outside of his main cores. 

* Assa now had a special Beast-Tool hybrid from Irane. As she had a very unique core of: Nature-Fire-Water-Earth-Air-Ice; harmonic-dark he was given a being called Treant-Dryad: It was a special tree tool with a first elemental Dryad who hovers along the tree. Treant was massive tree which could extend and integrate with the surrounding nature or forest. It can form into any plant for that Assa needs. Dryad is the beast aspect who channels the different elements fire-water-earth-air-ice with the nature and form. It allows Assa to merge different elements with Treant and perform incredible combination and long range techniques. Specialised in forest combat, but still amazing in all other fields. Like creating treed that are constantly on fire, or plants that’s sap is like acid(water) or poison gas(air). 
* Rui also had a hyrid from Irane: Typhoon-Wail: Typhoon is a cloud giant beast who is the representation of a storm, he is in the form of a storm cloud. Wail is a bow form able to channel the other 5 elements fire to ice he has, he can combine them with Typhoon to create extreme condition, for example a massive flame tornator error, or a storm seeker stream. 
* Dio was Given A special sword in the form a katana that summons an Imperial Eagle. Valariya-Honor: The Kata named after Valariya as a blade, and the light-bright eagle was set as Honor. He was fast, speed was all this being knew, which his light-lighting skill. He was fast. Speed was his speciality with the katana. He was the fastest in all regards. Known as Kazemi’s Flash. 
* Leo was Given Solar-Pride: Irane described Solar as a blade which had a sun within it. It was a great sword of dark steal, pure black, but it also had a white edge and point, this was there all the heat is concentrated in the blade by default. Pride was set as the black Lion of Fire, He was a large lion with a pitch black flaming main. Leo was set as Kazemi’s devestation, as all the battlefields he would fight on would be nothing but ash. 

All 4 of them recieved the boons of Kazemi, his tools and beast, as they all earned them through their training. It had been a month of preparation. All 4 would also be traveling with Hope and Zoe on their mission in Orians. It was a a do or die mission and they knew it. They had put all they had in the last month to ensure they wouldn’t be a burden. They were the top 4 of all. Milla didn’t take part as she was still Pregnant. But she was already set to travel with Irane to Paradise. There is an important note to be made, Aliya also joined in during some training excise, as a conflict started between Aliya and Dio as they would start a fight leading to Dio losing. Ever since he has viewed Aliya with a bit of hostility. 
IN the month Dio and Leo objective view of Irane started to change. It was hard to see him as a monster when all around you did nothing but praise the man. Worse even they had a front row sit to it all. It was hard for them to see him as the man who killed their parents when now he was in a way acting as a father to them. Even towards Assa and Rui. All of them felt it and even Milla made a snarled joke on how all of them got Kazemi’s curse now. Nothing how she also has the same curse. The desire to just be my best version when I’m around Lord Irane. 
Assa took note of how she called him: “Lord Irane, not Lord Kazemi?” Milla smiled with Pride as she revealed: “I heard him tell Aliya to just all him Irane, but she couldn’t, she was super anxious about it so I told her we can just call him Lord Irane instead. We did and he liked it, he said it a special privilege that we had to call him by his first name. But he did joke about how he preferred his first name, so maybe you guys should also call him Lord Irane, instead of Lord Kazemi.” She suggest as she laughed. 
Later Irane Appeared as they in unison said: “Good afternoon Lord Irane!” Irane was shocked as she started to laugh a bit. Interesting, I guess I do prefer my name over my surname. Any ways, lets get started. Good afternoon to you all. So seeing as tomorrow you will all be assigned t your respective leader between Arai, Hope, Zoe and Mira. we already decided that: 
Assa and Leo will go with Zoe, Dio and Rui will go with Hope. Simon and Aliya will be going with Arai while all the rest will go with Mira to Paradise. Don’t mistake this for some 1 day holiday. This is a mission that will take years to complete. We have to find and secure the cores of Gaia and Cronus at all stakes!” 

It was clear that this was important as he added: “We have a lot to do. We aren’t simply fighting to survive today anymore. No we are now fighting for tomorrow. For our children. We will not have them inherit our war. In all honest I would love to have this done by Summari and Nighla’s 18th birthday. So we have about 17 years and 5 months. By than I want this all done. Vraka, Selis. More and Vane. I want it all done. And the empire established. So here and now I must ask one final question of you all. My empire, it is beset as the empire of Kazemi. It shall be an absolute Empire, and so I want you all to think about what an Empire means as we do our final lesson today on using my Tools and Beasts. 
The training was brutal as always as it was now 22:00 at night. As they prepared to live Irane reminded them to meet by the hall tomorrow at 9:00 am. As Irane wished them all a good night they all bowed and yelled: “Good night Lord Irane!” Irane couldn’t help but smile lightly: “Yeah, yeah, yeah, don’t be late tomorrow.” He said as he walked away. They all looked at each other as they wondered what he ment by question on what empire was?
The following day Irane revealed what his Empire was: 

“I’ll make this quick, and to the point. No system exist which lasts forever. Even this Empire I am creating will not stand the test of time. It’s unknown whether I will be the emperor when it falls or if maybe it will be a new emperor a thousand years or more from now who causes the downfall of this empire. That is not what matters. My empire exist for one purpose and one purpose alone. To ensure we all can live our lives to the fullest with all we have. It will be an Empire where the people will never give up, and who will allays give me all they have. And in return I will give all I have as a ruler. I will offer my very core to my people as they need it. But only those who choose to be in Empire. Understand you have a choice. But know if you ever leave you will never be permitted to return.” 
As Irane said Aliya appeared, having passed through wall being Irane, she had seemed like a sack of Fruit of different kinds. All were a golden colour. As Irane explained: “Aliya here has been assigned as my oracle and she has the right to say where you can can’t join my empire.” Irane spread his wings in an instant as he added: “My Empire will be called Apexia. Now I want you to understand that there will be a division in my empire, there will be 2 nations initially and we will build from them: 
1. Valerian’s: They will be the people who have offered their cores absolutely to the Emperor. You can say these are the people who have given themselves completely to me. 
2. Apexian’s: They will be the people who serve in the empire of Apexia. The citizens who pay their taxes and follow the law. As in return I ensure all services work, prices stay low… al the fun stuff of running an empire
Now All will be subjects of me who will stand as the Emperor. I thought about this for some time. Even consulted most of you in terms of the name. I say this now, Valarian’s and  Apexian’s server in different class. All must obey, but there is a limit to obeying, for example, if I ordered you to die in the name of the Empire, would you do it? Could kill your child if it was in the name of the Empire. Could you commit atrocities in my name if I ordered it. If I told you to kill a child who in your eyes was free of sin and didn’t deserve it would you be able to? This are the kinds of question you should ask as you make your choice between these 3: If you choose to be a Valerian then simply approach Aliya and ask for a fruit, she’ll decide if you are worthy of it. We are using her sister’s name after all its only fair she chooses. If you choose to simply be a Apexian, well you simply need only pledge your loyalty. It’s that simple. Or options 3, you can simply leave. Understand you are all free to leave. But once you make the choice to stay, you must stay. That is absolute. Make your choice wisely.” 

There was a moment of silance as Milla walked forward to Aliya and asked for a fruit. She thanked her as Aliya smiled while handing it over. She thank lord Irane for the fruit as she ate it with no hesitation. In that moment a streak of gold marked her hair as she finished the whole apple. As she finished she bowed towards Irane, she prostrated herself all the way to the floor as she swore her fealty. In that moment Dio walked forward, then Assa, then more and more. 150 had chosen to take the fruites, while Dio and Simon, both simply moved on the side and swore their loyalty to Irane. All paused as Arai, Hope and Zoe walked forward, They would join later on as all three choose to option 3, to not be members of the Empire, As Irane looked on while the rest of those gathered seemed confused. Irane spoke: “Understood, know that your place next to me will remain empty until you choose to join the Empire. As she said this Ember also walked to Arai’s group, as he also said: “I thought about it, and I don’t think I’ll be joining, sorry.” Irane smile as he replied: “Not an issue, your free to travel with use to Paradise, and your free to stay until you make up your mind on what you want to do. Take your time.” Ember smiled as she replied: “You just don’t want me to leave and take him with me, that’s all.” Irane smiled as he replied: “True, I won’t lie I do want to be in my son’s life if possible, so yes, take your time. If you want to take him, you can. I have no right to deny a mother her child. But I can’t join you based on my role.” Ember laughed as she replied: “How about this Irane, I’ll stay in Paradise with you all for let’s say 12 years. That time comes, Jr. will choose what he wants to do, and who he wants to go with. Fair” Irane stared back as he thought: “Wouldn’t 14 or 16 years old make sense?” Ember didn’t speak she simply looked at Irane who seems to accept defeat. Fair enough, fair enough. 12 years it is.” 

At this moment, it was clear how most people viewed Irane, and he in truth was terrified by the ratio: 1:3. With a 75% of the populations choosing to be Valarian’s it made him worried, on what the Primals on paradise would choose. In all honest he wished no one had joined. He already accepted that people like Aliya, and Pandro were going to choose to be Valariya’s but he was somewhat shocked that Mira chose to be a Valerian. It wasn’t expected in his calculation and that worried his. He knew how they all saw him, He was more or less hoping most would simply swear fealty and not offer their lives and cores to him by choosing to be Valariyan’s. As simply excepted fearing the worst from the Moment to come.
Irane walked around after trying to recompose himself. He had underestimated what people would see him like and it was bothering more and more as he walked around the village. He was worried as he past Zoe who also seemed deep in thought. She was with Dokia as Irane appeared behind her: “Are you really more worried about her than yourself? You’re one interesting woman.” Irane said with a hint of laughter. He was smiling. Zoe unlike Hope or Arai, was the only one who saw Irane as a normal person, well she tried, out of all of the people on the island, but she still saw him as a conceptual. He had done the impossible in-front of her, as she looked back at him: “To be honest I don’t want to leave her alone with you, I was hoping to watch her grow and all after all. It worries me, 15 years you know. She was just static for 15 years now she is moving, soon it will be a year, and I won’t be able to watch over her. Don’t be mistake, I trust you and I know she’s in safe hands but it does worry me knowing she won’t be near me.” 
Irane sat next to her as he spoke: “You know for Hope and Mira are directly connected, after all my emotions affect my heart directly. Now Arai and Aliya are also connected, as the mind and soul are directly intertwined. You Zoe are directly connected to Dokia, as she represents the life cycle of my cells, the death and rebirth, she is my bodies deaths and life, while you are my body. You just don’t notice it cause she still hasn’t tapped into her core yet. You need to understand Zoe as I showed you in the past month, your current core is not just Life/Death-Nature: You have one of my created cores, from the 20 I took 3 and formed them into command cores where needed. Your core with you have has access to all 15 pillars mana directly. When Dokia starts tapping into her mana and her core, she will be able to do some very terrifying stuff. You all see me as some kind of divine being but you forget that you have one of my main cores within you. You are connected to your core. 
It worries me to be honest. I don’t know if it’s a good idea to raise her next to Summari and Nighla… Summari has the power of creation of my core,  she is the being who has excess to my begging in all forms, spells, arts and mana. Her very mana is primordial mana in purest form. While Nighla has access to my ending, my techniques and endings. They are very powerful in terms of all they can do. Their cores are directly connected to my actual core. So you could say that they represent the 2 ascepts of my core, to create and plan for the best ending. What worries me is that Dokia will also learn from them to tap directly into my death. I mean she will have the ability to just kill someone simply. It really is worry some. I fear how she will deal with my deaths. Aliya and Mira are taking their time getting used to it, but for them it feels using another persons power. Really Its no different then borrowing power. Well anyways what I was trying to say was you shouldn’t worry, She will know of you as you know of her even at a distance. Remember both of your cores are mine and are within me. You do feel your original core within my body, so don’t worry. I will make sure you can atleast see each other in your dreams. If that helps.” 
Zoe looked down in relief as she spoke: “You really aren’t a man are you?” Irane hated that question, cause even he didn’t know how to respond. He felt human, but even he knew his body, his heart, his mind all weren’t normal. Even he understood it well as Zoe continued: “You know as a child we were told stories. My clan the Navar clan served the great house of Osiro as guardians. They taught all we know, all we understand. We even learned about the ainctient Primordials and how they were reformed by Mana himself as a reincarnates. I got my beast Aphexia from Gaia herself. I know you also altered her a bit as you took my core, but still. When I got it, at Fest when I got my beast I was sp worried, we were always taught to never use it, but I always did. She was the only I could talk to after everything. She was a blessing and a gift, I mean how else was I to describe her. Now here you are, you saved my life, and gave me a new core, while also saving the life of Dokia, no you started her life, so I must admit, I don’t see you are a monster but I can’t help but see you as a Primordial.” Irane listened as she noted the spark in her eyes as she spoke. Her core within him was reacting. He was worried, he had seen that look in all the others, but it was different as she continued: “We taught to pray and be thankful to Gaia and Cronus for giving us a path different from the Vraka twins. Power that comes from a forced contract was different, I really can’t help but feel indebted to you Irane. Thank you for everything Irane!” She said that with a smile which gave him butterflies, he stood up while smiling and blushing. He didn’t hide his face no a bit as he replied: “Your very welcome Zoe… my everybody!” Zoe laughed a bit as she asked: “You call Arai master mind, while calling Hope sweetheart. And now you’re still calling me your everybody, Why?” Irane smiled as he explained: “You know how your actual core is in my body. Well your core is directly connected to every single one of my cells. And each evolve as one to the whole. Think of it as I can see you as my body, in terms of all my cells. So to me it’s more like your m very body, my every cells. My everybody if that makes sense. To me I guess you are my very body I guess.” He said as he thought: “Interesting, she does see me as some on high being but she can still converse with me normally, very interesting. She is similar to Simon and Ember in that regards, well Ember sees me as some monster and Simon sees me as some weapon, but still it is refreshing from the typical Monster or God normals sensation I get from the rest.” He thought as he walked away: “You know Zoe, I really do like how you call me Irane with honorific attached on. So don’t stop that okay.” Zoe noted how he looked like he was blushing now, she was shocked on how he didn’t try to hide that from her as he walked away. 

Irane hated being seen as anything but human in reality. But even he couldn’t even classify himself as human which irritated him more, all he could focus on was all the aspects of himself which weren’t human. He felt it as an ideal and thought. He needed to actually think about breathing to make his body breath as a normal person. He didn’t need food, air or water. His body was able to alter and use mana for all the requirements for the body. As Arai would describe, his body was perfect for existing, and he was in a way the pinnacle of the human form. The dragon marks, making his hands and feet covered in golden scales. The horns, his eyes and his fangs, his tail and wings. To him they felt like normal parts of his body and this bothered him the most. The fact that it felt normal is what felt uncomfortable when he thought about it. The inability to be drunk and how he could see peoples cores directly. He felt like he was invading peoples privacy, while he also wasn’t fully aware of how his core affected people. He didn’t know that the core he had intensified his own feelings, when ever he looked at someone he saw how much they either hated or liked him. 
He passed by Hope who was with Mira, they had been together for the pas month, as if they were attached at the hip. It made sense as they wouldn’t see each other for years, As they walked past Irane who stopped to great them. Irane thought: “Hope and Mira. In all rights they both view me as the Emperor. Even if Mira would tell you she doesn’t believe, the way she acts is contradictory to it, but I won’t lie it is refreshing when I speak to her.” He thought as Mira asked: “If it isn’t Lord Kazemi, it’s interesting seeing you, shouldn’t you be doing final checks on the travel supplies?” Mira smiled, she knew how he felt about the name, she only called him lord Kazemi and Lord Irane when she felt like it and she was trying o annoy Irane. And she knew how to do it. It was strange as she actually found enjoyment in my discomfort and annoyance. In her mind she was teasing a God and she couldn’t help but enjoy having that power, It was again the simple fact that Irane knew that which made his interactions with her fu n and refreshing: “I’m going to Arai to do the final checks right now my emotional General.”  He replied with a hug grin, in that moment Emo took the form of the Joy, whose static electricity made Mira’s hair stand up abruptly. She was annoyed as Irane kept smiling while staring at Mira. He looked on at Hope now as he asked: “Well then my Sweetheart, are you both okay?” Hope stared at Irane with a blank stare: “You know I don’t like that nickname, jeez.” She said as she started to blush. Irane simply smiled as Emo changed to his Adore/Love form. Mira simply smiled as he held Emo-Adore now in his love form. She watched from the side observing as Irane continued: “I apologise, not for calling you that, but for my inability to stop calling you that.” He said with a mischievous grin. Hope saw again not as the champion but the Emperor. She had spent 5 years as Cai being the ruler of Paradise, she had heard of Irane and his deeds. More importantly she had known it all. When she saw him all she saw was that Emperor. It was somewhat refreshing, bit it really made him anxious. It made him more aware of the command to be the champion, and how he needed to fulfil it to the end. It was clear how they each saw him in a different light. Hope gave him pressure. He asked: “Hanging out again, I mean you guys already know how to interact in your dreams in Kazemi’s universe, so why are both so attached?” Hope looked on at Mira as she answered: “I’m not so ignorant as to believe everything will work out, even with you leading, there is no way to be certain that we will be okay and we will see tomorrow. We could die either today or tomorrow, so we might as well enjoy all the time we have together. It might either be the last time we see each other in the flesh, or the last time an a few years, but I would still prefer to spend as much time with my sister as I can. And so I will oh Lord Kazemi!” 
Irane looked at Hope whos expression was of pride and joy. “Well seeing that the case I will leave you to enjoy your time together. Seeing you both makes me kinda wish I had siblings. Though I’m not sure if I want to be an older or younger brother? Well maybe a younger brother, yeah the younger siblings always enjoy the best spoils in life.” He said with a grin towards them: “Well I will leave you be have fun ladies.” As he walked away, he noticed how they both laughed as he walked away. 

He walked towards the beach side where they were gathering setting supplies to the trip. They would be departing the next day after all. Arai was co-ordinating and making sure they had all they needed. He was watching her for a distance at first. Out of everyone, even Hope and Zoe, Arai was the only person who truly and honestly saw Irane as a monster. A genuine monster. She had seen his consciousness, his mind, and she was terrified. She didn’t act like it but in all rights Irane to her was a monster. Even the hatred, insults and rage of Ember towards Irane held no, but still she still saw the face of Z when she looked at him, so it was hard to define that as hatred or fear. Arai on the other hand. She seemed composed whenever they spoke, but Irane knew she saw him as a Monster. In truth she saw him as a being that shouldn’t exist. It was funny to him. He hated himself more than anything, yet he also enjoyed being himself. And now there was a person, in truth probably the only other person in the whole world who know him in a way the best, saw him as a being who shouldn’t exist. A conceptual, a monster. It was strange. Even the initial hatred filled glare from Dio and Leo never reached the same effect on him then when Arai did it. As he looked at her working he wondered to himself: “Its interesting, she fears me, yet still has the audacity to make me love her, what an odd woman you are Arai. Very very odd indeed. I wonder if they understand how awkward it is for me, imagine being in love with a woman who active fears you cause they know you. This is precisely why people hide who they truly are when interacting with people. Well I say that but I will have to be wearing a mask as the Emperor. Wait a sec, am I playing a role. I still haven’t decided what kind of emperor I will be have it?” 
In a moment he was behind Arai who jumped in fright and surprise as he appeared behind her. He laughed at her reaction as he spoke: “Well, I know im not exactly beautiful, but I didn’t think I was so ugly that my master just screams when she sees me.” Irane had a smile on his face which irritated Arai: “You know I don’t like you calling me that Irane.” Irane simply smiled: “I’m aware trust me, I do it on purpose.” Arai scoffed at him as she continued: “Well, what do you want or did you come here to just scare and annoy me?” Irane grinned as he replied: “I wanted your opinion on something… I have a basic idea of what is needed for this whole operation. I an easily be the emperor they want, but I a curious. Once Vraka and Selis are either dead or sealed, what is next? Do you want me to keep being the Emperor or can I consider it done?” His question caught her of guard: “You can do as you wish once your done of course.” Irane looked back in surprise: “Really… I didn’t expect that. Well so be it, I guess I’ll just accept this is my last role from you.” 
In that moment Arai seemed confused as she thought to herself: “I don’t even get why your still so dead set on being the Emperor?” As she through this Irane replied which shocked her: “I know it was Minia who ordered me to be the champion, at the time I didn’t have a model, and I did think it was you who ordered me to the the champion. When I read Sofia’s story, it seemed to describe that which I knew what the champion was: An unstoppable, end breakable being who stood at the pinnacle of strength among the people. He would wields Kazemi’s power from the trail. It was the when I kept reading to the next section that it really confused me. It was incomplete but it was clear the champion predates the emperor in terms of hierarchy. I was far more focused on being the emperor. Now I have the full context of what the emperor truly is, he wasn’t simply a leader but a pillar. The centre to which the people relied and lead on. He was absolute in all he was… I’m not sure if I can be that. I am worried. To be in-charge of my cells, my own cores vs being in charge of other peoples cores. It’s terrifying in all rights.” 
Arai watched on in shock, she could tell from his expression, this was something that had been bothering him as she asked: “Then why, why do it if it scares you? Why be the emperor if you don’t want to do it?” He looked at her as he sighed: “If I could I would, but I can’t so I won’t. For me, I can either accept or decline a request. Think of it like your body is telling you you’re hungry but you ignore it. You’re still hungry, that feeling never goes away, you just live with it. For me it’s similar. But image its your mind, anytime I focus on anything else either then being the emperor, I get this unbearable headache, it is hell. All three of you want this Empire as it achieves you goal. So now my body will not stop, it will not give up until I am done, and my heart will pull all that it can from my body for the task. Even Summari and Nighla have accepted and even started in their own ways, helping me out. Even they add to it all. I would rather just do it and be done with it all.” He said, he was tryout to hide his discomfort as Arai asked more directly: “What are you really afraid of?” Irane took another deep breath: “In all requests I have had to complete, defeating Enari, Creating the seal. They are all things I can do which in a way doesn’t have much of an effect on others. Obviously the order to complete the seal was more complex than initially predicted but still, it was something I could do. Now victory… completing this tasks requires that I protect and ask others, other cores to fight. 
What worries me Arai, is how much blood, how many people will die simply because I said they must. Today I got a wake up call. I underestimated how people saw me. I was sure only a very few would except the title of Valariyan’s, while most would join the Apexian’s group. And I ment it to, To be a Valariyan is truly to offer and do as I say with very little room to disagree. If I say kill all your loved ones, they would have no choice but to do so. Why would people ever choose that option. It makes no sense…” 
Arai looked on at him, Irane in her eyes seemed like he was having an existential crisis in his mind. She found it strangely funny as she laughed a bit, this caught Irane a bit by surprise, as he asked: “Interesting, at least one of us is enjoying my suffering.” Arai looked at him: “What exactly did you expect? Seriously… I mean have you even noticed how everyone views you. You remade the bodies of 4 people within yourself. You’re the only person, the only being in a group of 1.8 billion individual who passed the trail of Kazemi. You saved millions of people single handedly. I mean yeah I get for you that’s normal to a degree, but to us, to them all, you are a divine being. You are in reality to mist people proof that centuries of sacrifice, centuries of suffering was worth it. I can promise you here and now, no matter how terrifying you try and make being a Valariyan out to be, to the Primals it is nothing. They for centuries entered the trail, they chose to offer their cores, to train all their lives and die in the trail. Centuries Irane. The second you appear, the second you speak everyone will see you as their God, their saviour. I saw as much in the war against the Orians as I was Cai. People who were told were going on a suicide mission did so with glee and joy. They were happy to die for you. To them if death lead to fulfilling your will there would do it happily. And it didn’t help that your plans and goals were what kept us alive, and what even lead us to winning the war.” Arai paused for a moment as she added: “I hate to admit it but even I don’t feel all that worried about going back to Orians, back to the Ascen cause it was your plan. I learned what happens when your plans are followed, and well it never ended well. I hate to admit it, but I trust you Irane.” Irane stared at her in surprise as he thought to himself: “Really, yo believe in me yet see me as a monster. You really are a confusing woman Arai… or maybe I was wrong for assuming I could understand the complex female mind. I underestimated it.” Arai added: “Tell me, you said this empire your building will fulfil all three of our cores desire, so I am curious what that means?” Irane looked on as he replied: 
* Zoe desire a home, a place where people can have a life free from violence, an impossibility, so I focused more in the idea of a place where children can grow up, and be prepared to be capable and self-sufficient adults. 
* Hope desire to rule and be all powerful, to her power and might make right, and in this world that is sadly the truth, still it aligns well as the empire I will build will be unmatched by any individual nation. The world and all its people will need to band together to even match the might of the Empire. Well that is the idea. 
* Arai you desire absolution, in truth defeating Vraka and Selis isn’t your true goal or desire. What you want to keep creating and being challenged. You want to show your geniuses and most of all you want to be challenged. You want to someone who has suppressed you in order to compete. You want to create and show your superiority. But you desire a challenge. Sealing Vraka and Selis to you is simply an impossible goal you gave yourself, and still you even found a way to complete it, with human body as a vessel. It is impressive. In my idea, the Empire will give you all of that. The chance to teach and guide the next generation. The chance to build and compete with the rest of the world.
Well something along those lines.” 

Arai looked at him wonder as she laughed a bit: “Is that so, well then I really look forward to seeing this Empire of yours even more Irane.” As she said that Irane was shocked as blushed at how in his mind cute she looked in that moment: “Arai, all your doing is adding unnecessary pressure you know. But whatever… I will put all I am into making it Perfect, and that it lives up to your standards. Arai.” He said as he walked away. He was still worried as he walked around some more, he walked around the island as he observed everyone. He walked around as he took note of all the people. How they seemed so excited, how they seemed more alive. Ever since he told all the people his plan, his ridiculous and low chance of success plan, all they did was just work for it. All 200 of them. He was especially shocked by Assa, Dio, Leo and Rui. Assa and Rui were Human-Orians, who fully believed in Irane cause of Valariya, but it was strange to see them so fully devoted to Irane, a fact he would blame Aliya for, its also why he tried to keep them separate, but with Valariya gone, Aliya took the mental and started being the one who told the Fairy-tale, she would even read it all the babies. Its became the go to bed time story she told to Dokia, Summari and Nighla. She told it just like her sister. It was this that added more to Assa and Rui’s belief. But in truth the ones who shocked him the most was Dio and Leo. They were 2 people who in truth hated him, but now both were competing on who would gain more attention from Irane. So much so they became the best in the class. Arai, Hope and Zoe also worked in to teach everyone on how to perform Arts, and the use of Beasts and Tools, in both combat and everyday life. They made them all understand the difference on all the 3 different beings made, those from Vraka and Selis, Gaia and Cronus, then Irane Enari and Iris. They were taught all of this. In this time there was a major incident where Aliya fought against Dio, who was couldnt contain his anger at her who was always talking about Irane endlessly. They fought and Aliya won, which wounded his pride, a wound that would form a scare that will never heal. She was training with Mira and Pandro in terms of ability and skill. She was on a different level. Her having Irane’s Soul core and her ability to use it. She was able to tap into the different command cores of Irane allow their spirits to posses her. Forcing her to not give up, to put all she has, and also the mentality to not stop. In a way each of the 5 cores spirits affected her deeply. But that was only when she was using it. Irane was training her on how to use it properly. But in its inactive state, she kept seeing the soul of her sister wondering about, Irane told her how that was a copy, a mirage of her soul. It was a soul version as she died after offering his core to Irane. As all who die while wielding Kazemi Beasts or Tool must offer their cores to him when they die. It satisfies him in a way, it was the demand of the contract he sets with them. He did the same with Valariya, but he choose to simply allow her core to pass on while taking her child Urial to take her place. It was all planned. Irane in truth was worried of Aliya. Pandro was also devout but his more understandable and dealable. Aliya on the other hand was far too stubborn to listen or even worry about restriction. She used her ability without restriction, with the exception of never use the 6th spirit, the spirit of Irane’s core. 

Night had come as they all gathered together in the centre of the village, where a massive bone fire was burning. Next to it was a flag, it was created and designed by Milla at the request of Irane. He asked her as though he knew she had a passion for drawing and art. As she showcased the design of the flag. It was detailed to a fault. It was a plain white background, with massive circle which was the same design as Iris within the color was Black, The ring was golden, which a mass as a massive dragon figure was drawn in the back of the flag, the circle set in the centre where a Blue shaded Phoenix in the centre, a red drawn Asian Dragon on the right, and a Green wolf/cat hybrid formed beast on the left. On the outside of the ring, under the 2 wings of the external dragon sat 2 figures, a bird and a wolf who stood on the side of the right, the golden-white flaming bird on the right, and the golden-black wolf form on the left. The dragon on the background was a pure gold, which was dragon which highest of all the color of a rainbow with gold taking the centre stage. It was a very detailed flag. As Irane praised Milla for her creation. It was a master piece: “Its my first time seeing it, You really put your very core into this flag Milla, Thank you. It is beautiful.” The words from Irane made her tear up a bit as she added: “Thank you Lord Irane.” He smiled as placed it on a pole and held the flag up high as he declare to all present: “Tonight is the night the Apexia Empire is born, and with this flag we stand here and swear with our hearts and our cores to the service of the Empire. We shall all strive and live for the prosperity of the Empire at all time, long live the Apexia Empire!” His words made all present cheer and jump in celebration. The village came to life in that moment. With Simon and Zoe even dragging Ember to join in, which she did. As the night went on they all spoke at the request of Irane, what they wanted to do in the new Empire. It was a cheerful moment, as all spoke of their own traditions, and the importance of being a community. How they worked all get married and have children. They all spoke of their futures, their tomorrows as Irane listened he thought to himself: “I wonder how many of them will reach it, how many of these people will die of old age in my Empire? I really wish I didn’t have to think like that. All I should be focusing on is the Empire they all want to achieve their dreams, that’s all that should matter to me. That all my people can fend and will strive and work towards that which they want.” He listened on as Aliya spoke of her desire to tell the fairy-tale to the next generation, the children yet born, as even Milla added she wanted to have a child of her own and even how she wanted to simply stop fighting and become a painter. Assa spoke of living up in the trees, while Rui added how he wanted to live in the clouds, both got a laugh from all as Leo stated: You know cities don’t exist in forests or clouds” he said while laughing. As all stopped laughing as Irane spoke: “And who decided that? A city in the clouds and one in a forest, I mean, that’s doable. I was even planing on creating a city in the ocean and in the centre of the artic.” What stunned everyone was how serious he sounded as she even started to talk about how they could even start in creating the city in a forest and clouds. It became even more interesting as Arai also added her 2 sense, speaking on how to also make it happened. It was ridiculous to say the least as Leo noted in his mind, but soon all were just adding their own ideas. People weren’t laughing anymore but joining in on the discussion, even Dio had joined in, added on for long range defence and how each city could be set up to be protected easily. It was a deep and conversational night. Everyone seemed to have forgotten about the sorrows of the worlds, the wars the battles. Their pain was gone. Simon had brought out his drinks, as he gave it about, only about 30 people from the 200 total were above the age of 21. As Simon laughed and said it didn’t matter no would know, Irane hit on the back of the head as he stated simply: “In my empire one must be 21 years and older to drink, that is a rule and you will not break it in my presence.” He made sure no child got a drink as they all got drunk. He simply watched and interacted with everyone, Dancing, singing it felt like a festival. Irane had prepared a variety of different foods, all made as thought he was making sure each person favourite was there. There were some that could be made but the spread was plentiful. Zoe enjoyed it the most noting to Hope: “Doesn’t this remind you Fest, when we first met?” Hope laughed as she replied: “Yeah, here’s hoping we don’t lose our parents and be enslaved this time around.” They were both quite intoxicated as they simply laughed. Ember who was also drunk was around Arai telling all about her time that passed in the last 15 years. Like how she was part of the resistance and her time in the cells. In that moment her hatred towards Arai disappeared as they spoke. Ember spoke to her as they used to though with me honestly. Irane passed by Hope and Zoe as he said: “You don’t need to worry laddies, the only person who could kidnap you tonight is me.” He said it with confidence and a large mix of arrogance mixed in as well. They both laughed as Hope added: “Interesting, it seems you’re quite impatient, can’t you wait for the wedding night Irane?” With Zoe adding with a smile: “What a horn-dog you are oh Emperor!” Irane laughed a bit: “Well you can’t blame a man for being hungry after seeing a divine meal such as yourselves.” ‘Smooth’ was Zoe’s reply as a they all laughed, Irane walk on: “It really does seem fun to be intoxicated, to bad I can’t enjoy that.” He thought as a he took a drink of the beer on his cup. The night continued until all went on to sleep around 1:00 a.m. Irane made sure that everyone went to bed, as he even read to some of the younger children the fairy-tale of Kazemi. He did so as they all fell asleep. He carried the drunk to their homes and cleaned up the mess, put out the fire and after an hour, he simply stood on a ridge over looking the village. He looked down at everyone in the village. Irane spoke out: “So is Ember sleeping soundly or did you kill her cause she wouldn’t shut up?” As Arai appeared walking towards him: “She’s asleep, and what kind of woman do you take me for, she is a student of mine you know, dispite it all, I do care about her.” She said as she sat right next to Irane. In that moment under the night sky, Irane extended his wings and wrapped them around Arai. They sat there in the moment as Arai spoke: “I couldn’t sleep, I guess I am a bit anxious…” Irane laughed a bit as he replied: “That’s what the alcohol was for you know.” Arai snapped back: “Don’t be ridiculous, as if I would ever have something that would impede my mind or alter the way it thinks.” Irane laughed even more at her reply as he added: “I’m aware, it’s why I made sure you had only simple fruit juice.” They watched there down at the village as Arai asked: “Do you even care about any of these people?” Irane looked towards Arai as he after some time shifted his gaze back to the village while taking a deep breath, his expression became serious as he replied: “What good ruler doesn’t care about his people Master?” Arai paused in annoyance: “You know I hate it when you call me that…” As Irane added with a straight face and serious tone: “I know Arai… I still find it funny is all. But again to answer your question, yes I do care about these people. My body cares about the people, my heart wants to save as many people as possible and my mind loves alot of people here. So yes I do care about these people. Whether I like it not…” He looked down at the village as in that moment Arai simply kept quite for some time, she paused as she thought of connecting to his mind, to her core within his mind. She was still worried about it, as last time, she saw Kazemi in alll his horror. She looked at Irane who had a serious expression as she wondered: “What is like in that head of yours?” 

As she asked she decided to connect to his mind, as she saw, the only thoughts racing through his mind was of all the desires they all spoke of at the bone fire, and how to ensure his empire could have all of it, he was thinking about his empire and how to accommodate their hopes. He was just thinking about that which made Arai laugh slightly: “Irane spoke right into her mind: “Are my thoughts, calculations and ideas funny to you.” He didn’t look at her nor, did his lips move as Arai simply spoke within her own mind: “So you’re telling me you can speak directly into my mind.” Irane’s voice echoed into Arai’s mind: “Its more like your hearing my thoughts. Just like how you see all of my thoughts.” Arai chuckled a bit: “So is this what its like for your, hearing my voice in your head?” Irane replied: “Well it was at first, but you get used to it, and besides not like I can hide anything from my mind. You lucky, I can also feel Zoe’s body and Hope’s heart beat. I can hear your mind and thoughts in action. It’s far more detailed for me.” 
Arai thought in a saddened tone: “Must be hell for your, been connected to use constantly and not being able to stop it…” Irane interrupted: “Don’t worry about it. It’s really just part of the deal. I don’t hate it. It better then the alternative, which is giving it over to Enari and Iris and Kazemi. Trust me, all those 3 want to it evolve, fight and live. It’s always the same thing. And it’s endless.” Arai looked a little sad as Irane added: “You feel pity for the monster is that it?” Arai looked at Irane as she thought: ““Irane Kazemi - Core of Core’s!” It’s what’s engraved on mind!” Irane seemed surprised as he thought: “Really, that’s what written then, Damn bastard.” He said with what seemed like a smile. “So he dared to mark me with that title. Not that I care.” Arai asked: “What does it mean?” Irane shifted his view from the village to the sky, in that moment Arai also looked up as the night sky of earth seemed to disappear, now it was a sky shinning what different constellation, a sky with what seemed like 10 moons of different colour. She saw the whole world shift as Irane spoke as he did the sky shifted showing Iranes memories to Arai: 
I have been alive for what feels like millions of years. For me it’s not a matter of I don’t remember the trail. I do, I remember it like a long distant dream, playing in the back ground. I remember it all as one would remember it. I remember some high points, the feelings of defeat, and I remember constantly hear the words: “Don’t give up, Put your very core into it! Beat the dragon” That was all I could hear, over and over and over, it was so endless and so defining. All the plans I made, all the different beginnings and endings.  It was so endless, it felt like it was never going to end. So I just accepted it. I just excepted that dream and that reality. I couldn’t die, and trust me I wanted to infinitely. If there was a I quit button, I would have pressed it the second I saw it, but it wants there. At some point I asked myself if this was hell. I remember the dread. It was to much. But I just kept going. I died, over and over and over. I remember each and every single death. Every single one was marked on me. Each death he marked me, changing me, as I died I felt it more and more. It felt more like a challenge at some point. I lost my self in the insanity of battle. I simply lost it after I injured him. All I could do was lose myself in it. It lasted for an eternity Arai, an eternity of time. Now I know it was 88,888,876 years. It was so long. And then immediacy after that after I beat him, I simply remembered nothingness. It was like there was nothing left. It was peaceful honestly. The silence of it. Then I remember the sudden charge, Live: Kazemi echoed though my chest. As I open my eyes I am floating in a new place as your there. It felt to sudden. As you ordered me:  To complete the seal. It was strange as you seemed to have created some make shift net around my very body. It was quite well made, but it had so much in order to complete it. All I could do was complete it. It was only after I completed that seal, and after I choose to die that I felt awake.” 
Arai jumped up and she watched it all. It wasn’t bits and pieces of information passing in speeds hard to quantify, as she blinked and she was back in reality. It seemed that a minute had passed as what seemed like years passed in the kazemi’s universe. At this she jumped up and asked: “Wait a sec, you said my order to you was complete the seal, not Love Arai Kazemi.” 
Irane stared at her and laughed: “Oh I see you have the wrong idea about how I work.” He laughed a bit more as she started to blush in embarrassment. Irane pulled her back down as he now spoke: “A command core and an order is a different thing. 

I created the 5 command cores as a revered for taking care of different processes. So they were all created by me from my body to beat Enari. You call them command cores, but In truth what they are is actually Drive Cores. Like how Aliya and Mira’s core are Will Cores. It really just operates how much of myself it shall add to a job and needed for my body. So I used Zoe’s Life/Death Core to create the evolution Body core, Then I added Hope’s Space core on my heart to create an artificial core, then I added your mana to my mind, to be able to think and plan at a vastly greater rate. With these 3 elements I also created the Begin and End cores. Which linked to my Creation and Destruction cores. So think of it as a marker. Think of it like there are 2 cores are a pair: Arai’s Time-Electric core - My Mind Command Core
Hope’s Space-Energy core - My Heart Command Core
Zoe’s Life/Death-Nature core - My Body Command Core. 
So now imagine, when you asked me to complete the seal. You said complete the seal. Not only that you gave your core to complete it, but your selected 10 cores. I needed 10 cores to create the seal, while you only gave 3. And you took my 3 Drive cores. I already know that you selected those 10 cores, based of on how you viewed yourself. You basically found my 10 most important cores. While giving up 3 important cores to you. Do you get it. You said to complete the seal and only gave me 30% of the resources. So lucky Hope added her order cores save yourself objective. It allowed me select using my emotions. Aliya, Mira, Pandro and even Dokia. I found a connection of them back to you. And so I just used their cores to complete it. I was also going to use Valariya’s core but she chose to die for her child. So I chose to use his core instead. 
Now the issue was Summari and Nighla. Their cores were unique. They needed the mana of all 3 my command cores mana to be able to exist and develop within this world. Luckily for me I was order to sleep with Minia, It allowed me to place my Beginning-Creation and Destruction-Ending Cores within Minia. I also even used my chains of Ventriloquist to bind to all three of your cores at once. To bad I had to give that tool over to Minia’s core, it was worth it at the end of the day. Do you get it yet, All you did was simply order me to complete your seal with the people you love. Now their cores are the key to opening the seal.” 
Arai looked confused at Irane as he asked: “Wait, that doesn’t make sense your saying that I took 3 of your command cores and you took, the 5 cores of the people I love?” Irane stared at her: “You really don’t get it, wow. My Drive Core’s, and My Will Core’s are the key to the seal. The Will cores are the keys created by Kazemi, connected to Aliya, Mira, Dokia, Pandro and, Urial. While you took his Mind-Heart-Body command cores. When I choose to die so I can fulfil my promise with Valariya I was violating an order, my order to live. But I was also still trying to complete my order to complete the seal. It was that choice to priories the seal, and complete my promise that allowed me to die. Well die isn’t the best description, but it kind of it. It was like a reboot to my consciousness. My mind was blank, there was in a way no consciousness at all. It was erase. It was that moment when the pillars granted me life that that part of me turn on again. My consciousness. I was reborn, Its why I consider ‘Z’ dead. Because he is, he wiped his very consciousness from him mind, all that he was gone. But it took time, it was like he first got ride of small part of his mind. The he was trying to erase a specific thing. But over time his whole mind was gone, all that remained was the echo of those 2 commands: Don’t give up, and Put your core into it. All aimed for defeating the dragon. My very all. He erased himself trying to forget. Well anyways. I was reincarnated with his feelings, but not his memories. It’s impossible to consider us the same person. We have the same emotions and feelings but we are now a divergent being. Though I do hate these lingering feelings. Especially this self loathing and desire for death. I hate those 2 feelings the most. 

Anyways do you get it now. You have what I would like to call my mind, and in that regard the ability to direct my thoughts. Hope has the ability to also affect my heart, as also Zoe can affect my body. So you can for example, make me focus on something else, as you core is in my mind, so unless I focus on what your cores wants I get an annoying shallow mind effect, same with Hope and Zoe. I can live without it, but relaying on Enari and Iris would force me to use mt core at full power. Now All those who have my will cores basically have access to my core, my power. Like how Mira now channels my emotions as a weapon for herself. She can also affect my emotions and body. The more they use my powering their active forms the more they affect me. I like to think of it as Kazemi’s will. Or I.Kazemi’s Drive. My will is now in the hands of those 5. The more they use my power, the more it affects my mind and body. You Arai, took the cores to Kazemi command, so he just gave the cores that effect the command cores over to them. Now it’s the same for you. You can also use Kazemi’s Drive, same as my abilities but watered down. The issue is it has a time limit. If you over use it, you risk opening your portion of the seal. And if you ever do my mind will immediately switch to Kazemi’s mind. Now if for example Hope and Zoe both over use the Drive, it won’t immediately affect me, more like it will take some time, It just gives Enari and Iris full control. I can command my body as me of course but your all more like additions. 

Now as I was explaining: What you heard was my process: 
Don’t give up, Put your core into it, Live Kazemi. And I was executing that command, as you added an additional set with it. As Kazemi was born you placed that seal around and ordered the body, which no mind to complete the seal. It took your 3 cores and exchanged them. As it started on the seal. I even stopped the flow of mana to ensure I didn’t wake up too quickly. So now I have the command: 
Don’t Give up, Put your core into it, Live-Kazemi, Love-A-Kazemi and finally my current orders, which is the codex of consciousness that the pillars gave me, think of it as the license to live, or such. It’s why I’m alive as conscious in this body, my body. Its complicated. Anyways, now I am to love all of Kazemi. The unfortunate part is I had to use your point of view for love, so you viewed it as love and such is for obedience. I must admit you have interesting ideals on Love, I mean: Love for once self, is absolute. I mean damn, can’t believe you love yourself that much. (She blushed) You forced me to love myself, that’s all. The sad side effect is that now my mind views your 3 cores as the most important cores. Alongside Summari’s and Nighla’s core. I simply can’t help but view your cores as the most import on the hierarchy. You’re the one who said I should love Kazemi. Your core’s in my mind are marked as Arai Kazemi, Hope Kazemi and, Zoe Kazemi! Even Summari and Nighla cores are marked with the words Kazemi. Now all ,my Drive cores are set as Kazemi, while my Will cores have the mark of Irane. Like Mira is in my eye Mira-Irane-Ardent, and Aliya is Aliya-Irane-Hallow in my mind. As they have those cores of mine.” 

Arai steered at Irane for all he was saying as she asked: “That means your only like this cause of my seal. Your currently set like this because of me?” Irane laughed a bit: “I’ve honestly thought about it you know. All the moments that lead to my rebirth. If you didn’t order me to complete the seal, if it didn’t take me 15 years. If I didn’t read that story. Even now, this island, Valariya. My choice to live and die. I am aware now I am a tool. A tool for my flesh. So I am like this because of your mind, my Goddess. Trust me, Kazemi is indeed the Devil in this case.” Arai leaned in closer to Irane and she thought: “What would happened if the seal was broke?” He also replied in her mind: “My mind would revert to Kazemi’s Will. I will, well let’s just say you really really don’t want that version of me to ever wake up. You really don’y” As he streamed this thought into Arai;s mind, she saw flashed of Kazemi’s smiling face, the same face which laughed at her, who scared her. As she saw Irane finally noticed it, that contradiction of fear and comfort was apparent as Arai gripped onto Irane’s arm, he noticed that the monster she feared was Kazemi, not himself, he simply couldn’t tell the difference, no it was not a difference, but simply a different mind state. She fear his mind state in that form. That nature that desire cores, That lives for core. The being that Live’s… Kazemi.Arai held Irane’s hand as she asked:”You know I spoke to him once, that Kazemi, that subconsciousness of your. He said he looking forward to seeing me through your eyes. He even mocked me, for thinking he couldn’t anything of value from me.” Irane laughed a bit as he pulled her closer. He wrapped his arm under his wing and hugged her while re-wrapping his wings around her: “Yeah, I get that trust me. I felt piece as I was about to die, only for him to drag me right back, He told me, no he ordered me to live, and made me fight 37.2 trillion versions of myself. It almost felt like a punishment. He placed annoying restrictions on me, like I could only use water mana or ice and fire mana, against those version of myself who each could use all 15 mana types at once. He really made me push myself, it didn’t take as long as it did to wake up from fighting Enari, honestly they were all that hard once I just accepted it and lost myself in the task.” 
Arai asked sharply: “Lose your completely, you keep saying that, what does that mean?” How its when I remove all distractions from the goal and point. I lose myself into the task, as you saw I was thinking and planing about the plan of being Emperor, so it was me just trying to refine some more parameters in my plan. Just to accommodate the more reasonable requisitions. Well only the ones that make sense, Like Gran-Grans wish to ensure all children are born in stable-loving marriages, that one makes sense, but it is hard to quantify. What is a stable-loving marriage anyways? And we can’t just throw away children who don’t meet those criteria, Its more set on the actual marriage system. And I’m defiantly going to ignore request like a river of chocolate, or a soda rain.” Arai laughed a bit as Irane added: “when I lose myself I simply forget all other distractions. May mind, heart and body. My very core. All of it I simply put it all into the goal. I just create plans, execute when I can, and watch and change the approach if I need to. But an anything thing about reality is all the unknown and complex factor of chaos to the plan makes it so impossible to plan long term, I can barely plan a month from now, before the error margin increases past 90%. There are far to many unknowns Arai. And without reliable data it makes it so much worse.” 

At this moment Irane was streaming his whole Idea and plans for the Apexia Empire. How he would instruct laws, people. He thought of all the needs of the people, and how the war would affect them. He was mostly just hypothesising, but there was like a branch network in his mind, it was a massive tree where the seed which it was formed was the order to be the Champion. The end as the emperor. Arai observed all the different paths the tree had taken, all the different ways it could have all went, she looked higher where it seemed there was a streaching of a infinite different branches in shadow, transparent from, all the way up. As she looked at the paths where he saw it all go wrong, there was so many of them paths were they all failed, so many as she looked on at the paths where she could die, or be killed, paths where the Vraka and Selis things win. Ones where the Ascen were victories. So many paths which lead to the decimation the Empire and as she viewed all she could see was the forest of bodies liberating the paths, an infinite number of herself, Aliya, Mira, Hope Zoe all of them everyone dead and lifeless. As Irane spoke: “I wouldn’t focus to much on those paths, they are more of worst case scenarios at this point.” Arai stared for another while as she looked up, she wasn’t sure if she saw an ending, a clear brach where everything works out. All of them seemed like they all had a high cost to success. And even more terrifying, there were very few branches were they were victorious at all. As she asked: “So be honest, what are our chances of actually succeeding?” Irane also looked up and his own thoughts as she replied: “Honestly its far better then the hopelessness of an endless tasks. It’s the first time, I can see a plan which won’t take centuries or decades to complete. I wonder what the end result will be like…” Arai looked on at Irane who seemed to have an excited smile as he looked up, it was odd, after all the hopeless branches, these few one seemed so bright. As Irane said: “The sad reality of life, especially reality is that we don’t have do overs. We have to give it 100% 24/7 or else we will fail and die. Then that’s it, it really is a scary thing to think about. Kill or be killed, either be prey or be a predator. Be a surviver by running or by fighting. That is simply how life and nature work. Arai be careful with Aliya, be sure she doesn’t use the active for of my core to much. Same. I will keep and eye on Mira and Dokia but Aliya isn’t someone I want to restrict. She will be with you… use her but not to much, she is arguably my most powerful Core, outside of the Drive cores, and since the Death Core of Dokia is still not set it will be hard to deal with her, so just be aware of that…” 

Arai looked at Irane for a while as he imply sat there: “It’s not that can order your around, its more your mind is a reflection of my core.” Irane added: “I can chose to lose myself in the Emperor. I think I might. But After I will be able to choose or accept or decline orders. So it’s gonna be fun. But you can still control me, if you forcefully directed my mind, but that’s not as easy.” Arai laughed a bit as she added: “Yeah true enough, I guess I won’t take full control of that mind, of yours. I guess I should be glad I rested that seal?” Irane smiled as he placed 2 fingers on Arai’s forehead: “You really are thick headed woman, It is simply my mind with your core acting as the subconscious, if it was Kazemi acting as my subconscious well lets just say we really wouldn’t have a fun time. Its probably gonna take around 10 years to complete all of this, I won’t have access to Iris until Urial is born in 8 months time, and I won’t have Enari until you guess are done. Im basically limited to just 15% of my strength. How restricting. It’s fine though. I just need 8 months and once I have Iris I will be able to create thing you could never have imagined in your wildest dreams!” In that moment the sky showered with what seemed like a meteor shower, each one being an idea as some seemed to land, it was place for a city that would in the sky, others where a city made within a forest. It was harmony of nature and technology as Arai looked in wonder at them all. Irane smiled as he showed her: “Make sure you finish up your mission as quickly as possible so we can get busy building the Empire.” He said with a smile. Arai couldn’t help but laugh as she asked: “And pray tell what happens if I fail?” Irane smiled even more: “You won’t fail, you Hope, and Zoe will not, cannot fail. That is a fact. Besides you will have access to Enari and in 8 months time I will be able to send H.O.T to you.” Arai looked confused as she asked what he ment, he didn’t reply as he even hide the information from his own mind which shocked Arai as Irane bragged: “Sorry, but i can still hide information in mind that even you can’t get to. You’ll love it, trust me.” 
Arai laughed a bit as she said: “I will have to return to my brother and sister. I will have to go back and bow to Niro Vane, and I will have to help them fight against Toma and the Primals, I will even have to fight against you. It really does suck. What’s worse is we all have to do it, Hope and Zoe. It’s even worse for Zoe, seeing how much she hates killing.” As Irane interrupted: “She understands that, her and Hope. They both understand just how difficult this will be, we all do. Even I have to admit it will be difficult to deal with. As he said this he looked forward at the village: “I wish to return here when the Empire is set and complete. I will return and collect that original flag and leave a new one right there. It will be a sign, of completion. That the Empire stands absolutely.” He looked down at Arai. I really am looking forward to building it. I hate this sensation. This is Zoe and Hope’s excitement, mixed with yours as well. All just making make excited and anxious. Focus on your task Arai and I will handle mine. Trust me, do your best. And I will handle the rest. If it starts going south I will start a war to come and save you.” Those words moved Arai who teared up a bit: “I hate the fact that you’re not actually joking about that. Fine then Irane, Show me what you’ve got…” 

They both moved to their hut. 

At this time we see Toma who is preparing for the peace submit he had orchestrated. He had set it up that the now Criya who was acting as the representative of the Primals of Paradise needed to come and ask for their assistance. Within the last 8 months. The number of the Primals of Paradise fell to 40 million, and half had been taken by the Arke twins and the other half had returned back to serve Toma. He had ensured that his forces, that all Primals who were under him had no choice but to become human. At this time, Toma had a total of 1.960 billion Primals under him, while only 40 million where within Paradise. They were losing badly and only barely standing. In all rights now they were desperate and needed aid. Again Toma had made sure that all his Primals were now humans. He forced them all to abandon their pride, as he acted more directly. He told the primals of how the champion was a myth who failed them. It was even better that now with Nevir’s death, Evelyn was in-charge of the Revyn clan who now obeyed her and the More clan. Audis had take control of the Prescian clan after the death of Sofia, and the disappearance of Pandro. Now within these halls Toma entered with Minia by his side. She was now directly under his will as her father was. With the lose of Irane and Arai her leverage and power were gone, as she was forced to obey the More clan now. She was under his thumb and he made it obvious as they entered. Minia was constant looking down. As behind them entered 2 additional members of the Wov and Osiro clans. As we said Toma did save remittance of the these clans at the events of Fest. 
* Nex Wov (Nature-Fire-Water: Harmonic-Dark core): Current head of the Wov clan, he is 28 years old and was close with Hope when they were growing up, forced to take the mental after the events of Fest. He isn’t afraid to talk his mind, and is a bit mild tempered. As he also shoulders great shame for having to serve under Toma. Even though he saved them, they were fired into human bodies and had to now serve as to pay of their dept to him. He hated Toma More. 
* Kia Osiro (Energy-Wind-Ice: Chaotic-Light core): Current head of the Osiro clan, and the older sister of Ember on their mother’s side. She is around 42 years old. She now inhabits a younger body making her look 20, which she reminds Nex all the time. She is direct and honest. She sees serving More as their obligations after all that has occured. She holds great gilt and hates herself for being the leader who loosing Father Time’s Book. She is stubborn to a fault. 

As they also followed Toma. Saga was also present, right besides lord Toma, acting as the representative of the 6 great families at this meeting. It was a huge special as the room was fully decorated as though it was set for a celebration. Yes it was as on this day Toma thought he would final unite the Primals under him once again. Criya hated the situation more then he could bare. After Cai left and left with Aliya and Simon, they hit roadblock after roadblock. With the Arke twins targeting them more fiercely. They were losing more and more, and it was all set up by Toma. He made sure that the Arke twins knew that the Primals had returned back to the ancient city. Vraka and Selis where competing to see who could get the most Primals and turn them to Ferali or Celestials for their own internal war among each other. Toma in truth was also worried, in truth he was lucky and it was thanks to all that Minia had done. With her weakening the Resistance and also directly fighting and weakening the Orians. He was able to am mess this full city. Now he was ready to take in the last Primals of Paradise under him. To re-unite the Primals under 1 banner once again. And for them to unite and fight against the Orians, against Vraka and Selis. He was he did his best not to smile, he was pleased with himself. As he watched the sunrise, he watch as its light spread throughout Heaven. He enjoyed the sight as he said: “After today, the Primals will finally be 1 again!” Minia and Saga were the only ones who heard him, as they saw the man smile in satisfaction. Evenly and Alex walked in and informed him of the updates in Orians. 
They informed him how the infighting that had taken place was now done and that Niro had finally decided to make his move, in the last 8 months he reminded everyone who he was, as he took control of the who of Orians. He forced them again under 1 banner and made the needed preparation. He had forced the other clans into serving him, and he made sure it was public. Azen Lucerne and Elorah Seraph also joined with their full force, with now with house Apolo and Navar joining in to the front. House Nexal and Ardent also joined in. They had been uniting their forces and what kept them unified was Niro. His very name was feared. Even Toma was worried as now Niro had at his full disposal according to Alex and Evelyn 8 billion soldiers and worriers at his disposal. It was a terrifying force and with Niro leading, you know they are planing on using it well. Toma was no fool and he understood the power and ability of Niro well. He was know as the prince of darkness. The matched god of war. He was a monster in all rights. And worst of all he was capable in war. He was no fool. Toma knew this well and he knew that the simply fact that they didn’t just match directly here with their full force, means that Niro is bolstering his forces more, he is building and preparing for a war, and he is pouring all go Orian’s into this preparation. Toma watched as listened. He still smiled as she looked on: “Worry not, with this many man and woman who can double our numbers with time. We will ensure of that much. We will turn into breeding programs as Saga suggested and make more, alot more Human-Primals. These new humans. This evolved being will be trained from birth to be warriors. All we must do is also begin setting it up properly. Am I clear Kia, Nex!?” They both looked at him, as they turned to one another and went down to 1 knee slowly as though resting to: “Understood, Lord More!” More smiled slightly, He loved it, the control the power, At this moment he had no trail to compete with anymore. No he was the centre of the Primals and he revealed in it. As he got word that Criya was entering the City now.

Irane was preparing Crono who was going to act as their transport. He looked at everyone one final time. They would now separate and only fate and time will tell whether they shall reunite again in the future. Irane in his absurdity pulled Arai, Hope and Zoe in a large hug: “I really do look forward to marrying you all in a few years. I hate the fact that I have to even wait this long.” Arai laughed as she said: “Your brave for assuming we even want to marry you.” Irane laughed as he said: “Well only time will tell!” He then pulled Aliya into a deep embrace: “Make sure you stay safe my Soul!” He held her deeply as intimately as a father hugging his daughter. Aliya cried a bit out of sadness as she replied: “I’ll be fine and I’ll make sure Lady Arai is fine to Lord Irane.” Irane chucked as bit as put Aliya down and looks her in the eye while crouching to be eye to eye with her: “For now, can you just call me Irane without the lord and such?” Aliya blushed and stuttered that she couldn’t do that, it would be purely wrong. Irane frowned a bit which made Aliya feel really concerned as she whispered shyly: “Okay, lo- I mean Okay Ir-ane” Irane laughed and smiled widely as he pulled her for a deep hug again. As he said: “I love you okay, be safe Aliya my Soul.” He said with he worried smile. “And don’t use the 6th Spirit! I mean it!” He said assertively. As he looked towards Assa and Rui as he hugged them and told them to be careful and that he trusted them. He even made sure they were fully prepared and set. He even walked up to Dio and Leo and even hugged them, as he wished them good luck, and that he was looking forward to showing them the Empire. He even said: “When you get back, I will show you empire so grand that you will choose to be a Valariyan Leo.” A statement that moved him a bit. He hated himself for feeling proud, but still the fact that he trusted him with helping Zoe ment the world to him. It felt like genuine recognition for his ability, he was proud and it showed. Right now he said his goodbye as he enlarged Crono and placed all the people going with him. Milla, Mira and Pandro where also going with him, alongside Gran-Gran and the rest of the 200 and also Ember was with them. 

Arai, Aliya and Simon road on Enari’s back, with Hope-Dio-Rui, Zoe-Assa-Leo, as they were using a different portal to travel to Orians directly while Irane’s group was heading to heaven in Limbo using the hidden pathway he used when he went there he first time. He arrived early in the morning around 3 o’clock under the cover of night, They all moved through quietly into the city, and with their old knowlegde moved to the old house that they stayed in. It was still there being used and lead by a man named Ricky Aix(Earth-Water; chaotic darkness), and old friend and child along side Aliya and Valariya’s group. He was now the leader of the house. After the war he retuned with a large group of them from Paradise. They hide them as Mira and Pandro showed themselves. After Pandro went to the Prescian house to get his children and also speak to Audis and the rest of the clan. He told them the truth of the story that got Sofia killed and how Irane, how the Emperor was very much still alive, a phrase that only major descales use now. It had been nearly 6 years since he was last seen, and alot had changed since his absence. Very few dared to even believe in him, even dare speak about him. Irane moved about the city in disguised. As he looked at the hopelessness of all the people. He looked at the streets which now only had humans, the distinct coloured hair of core infusion was apparent on them(Note once a core is placed in a person, their hair and eyes change color to be what is known as the color of ones core. It shows on the eyes and hair.) All there were them. It was hard to look at. As many areas showed the broken people. Fear and faith was gone. Many people said it in the shadows, under their breath, so many whispered: “please oh Lord 8 return”, “Lord 8 we need you”. “Please return,” “Lord 8, lord 8, come and save us please.” He was shacking as he looked on, walls of people quietly praising in their cores for the emperor. For lord 8. For their champion. It was so much. Lord Kazemi, Lord 8, Lord More. So many titles, but they all called to him. They were scared, and anxious, So many didn’t know. They had lost so much. For so many the only time that made sense was when 8 was there. When he fought and when his deeds were written and sang about in the streets. Now it was silent. No one dared any more to show faith. As in a moment Irane heard in a gathering a set of voices singing. It was 2 children who seemed alone singing a song to 8, to Kazemi. And it was dangerous, as many avoided them and looked away, while Irane was attracted to it, to how they put all they had into this song they were singing. They weren’t just singing, but also praying, praying with their cores for 8 to return, and all the people around where also resonating with it, but it made them feel fear. They didn’t want to be let down, to hope and just see it killed again. It was to much. As Irane watched and listen to all their cores. He felt them all and it was overwhelming as it was echoing endlessly, unanswered praisers and prayers to him. He was being smothered by it until some offiers came and started beatig the children for sining that song. In way this was a sad reality and they all knew it: Sofia died after telling her story, and now it was forbidden. To even think or say 8’s name was punishable by death and beatings as all just walked around as they were being assaulted. In a moment a gust of wind and dust moved around, obscuring the guards and Irane moved in swiftly and grabbed the children. Then knocking the guards out. It was in a moment as many weren’t sure what just happened. As Irane ran back to the house, to give the children first aid and treatment. He moved quickly till he got back. 
He gave them over to Ricky as he seemed different. Mira looked on in wonder as to what seemed like determination in his eyes. She felt it, it was a roaring rage but it was under full control. She also felt it as well just a bit, a hint of fear and it concerned her. As she moved to his side: I will contain your fear, so you can unleash your rage Lord Irane!” Irane didn’t look at her as he simply replied: “To be honest I wish you would restrict my rage instead of my fear. It’s the only thing keeping me sane right now. Mira Once I do this, there is no going back, and it worries me deeply. Once we do this, it will be millions of people who will be reliant on me. People who will be willing to die in my name. Now I am supposed to be their leader, their God returned to save them. I know full well it’s my plan but damn does it piss me off having to use people like this! I hate it and yet here I am. I will do it regardless, I will execute and I will be what these people have been begging for. How many of them will die in my name before our Empire is stable. How many of their bodies will act as the foundation of the my Empire. How many dead bodied will I have to set within my foundation. I hate it. So much. That I have to sacrifice at least 10 million people to even get the Empire started… I hate that this is really the best option and that I can’t do any better.” He looked to annoyed and heartbroken in that moment that Mira added: “10 million dead you say. Well Lord Irane I look forward to exceeding your expectations and ensuring that the total death count is below that, far below that!” Irane smiled a bit: “You really mean that hey, thanks Mira… and don’t worry that is my goal as well, but still the fact that even a single person has to die doesn’t bring me joy at all. But unfortunately fairy-tales hide the true horror of what an Empire is, and the true sacrifice needed to make it work. Regardless Mira we will not fail! And I promise you, we will ensure that this empire is set and stable to stand for centuries to come. All who shall die, all who have to die ot become the foundation of this empire. I will ensure that their deaths and sacrifice means something. Like the 1.8 billion souls who offered their cores to the trail,, I will ensure that their sacrifice was not in Vein, I will deal with Vraka and Selis properly! I promise you.” 

Some time passed as Criya entered the City. He noticed how full it was but he worried as she spoke with the 2 who were accommodating him: Adri Suin(Water-Wind; Harmonic-darkness), she was acting as he gaurd and was a member from the lab from their first wars. And Jade Alge(Electricity-darkness; chaotic-darkness core) he was close under Cai and served under with trust in her and her alone. His loyalty is set with hers. Now they entered as Criya noted: “I can’t believe his making this such a big deall…” As Adri would add: “What did you expect. You know he’s going to demand we fight and bend the knee to him.” Jade yelled through: “I really really hate the idea of bowing to that man. I only wish to bow to the Empress and Emperor.” Jade was a fanatic in all rights as he held an old pendant of the form 8. Toma had prepared to showcase a speech to the people after speaking to Criya on the future of the Primals. Everyone was on edge to know what awaits them tomorrow. They were all restless as Guides were placed all over the city fully armed and allowed to use force. Peace and order would be maintained in this land hosting nearly 2 billion people. As they all awaited Criya walked up to the hall near the centre of the city a place of meeting as he looked up and saw Alex and Saga waiting for them. As they introduced themselves with and lead them into the temple. As they did a it seemed a small Upraor were taking places as suddenly the sybols of the dragon form and the flag of Apexia all over the city. There was confusion as no one understood what it ment. It was everywhere is it seemed Irane had spread it in the rural areas where most people were packed and sick. He placed im the congested section of city and by the gouged bars and the city tempts. He placed them everywhere. But hidden where one needs to be looking to see it. As slowly some were being discovered. Many saw it as a sign as some asked if he was back, but again they silenced and stopped themselves. Hope was going to be their deaths. All it does is lead to pain… As they thought at this moment Criya entered the hall, 3 figures appeared. The one in the middle was in a golden robe, while the one on his left was in a blood red robe while on his right he was wearing a white robe. They moved in the city as they walked hidden under their robes. They moved from the back northern gate where the most people in the City were packed now, they moved though the most concentrated road, walked slowly towards the centre of the city. They held a flag with them as the one in red robes carried a flag, the glad with the same pattern and design as the markers all over. They moved slowly as they incapacitated any who tried to stop them. They moved unimpeded. As moved toward the central hall. The up-roar got the attention the guards all over the city. They moved slowly but their walk was followed by a mass of people walking following them. They looked on in confusion. But all simply looked. The guards tried to stop them but again none could contend. The flag flew high as they moved through the city. Quickly word spread of them, as the guards needed backup while the people were curious of what was going on. 
As Criya stood in-front of Toma who looked down on him. In that hall where all where ment to be equal. Toma had placed his chair to stand higher then all around. All understood what he was saying, he was in-charge and he knew it, and none could oppose him. The sheer arrogance of the act spoke volumes. He sat down with joy on the highest chair on the furthest part of the table. Evelyn say representing the Revyn, while Audios was present representing the Prescian, and Minia for the Consa clan. Alex represented the More along side his father, with Nex and Kai representing the Wov and Osiro clans. All present was subservient to Toma and now he was about to add another addition as he didn’t even listen to Criya: “I will make this simple, you will bow down and swear fealty and loyalty to me. You will serve me and obey my will. Those are my requirements. Bow and know your place!” His words were direct and they were serious. He was high on power, but he was still powerful. His very mana streamed in the room, making it hard to breathe. It felt like it was being harder to be alive in that room without being obedient to him. Criya need two it felt like he needed to ask permission to even be alive in he presence of Toma. He was having a hard time, as Adri hit the ground, having a heard time breathing. As even Jade feel down to his knees crushing his chest. It took all of Criya’s mana and will power not to be overwhelmed by Toma simply mana and presence. He spoke directly: “And if I do bow, do you promise me that children, that our people will have a good life? Can you promise me that, that you will truly do all you can for the Primals?” He asked as though pleading with him.. Toma simply stared at him coldly as she replied: “I have no need to promise you anything. You need me more than I need you. You will die if you don’t bend the knee, it’s that simple. Or maybe you prefer oblivion. Cai started this war and now she is no where to be seen. Don’t tell me you believe in that nonsense of your Emperor and Empress. You know I laughed when Minia told me about it, it was pathetic to say the least. We went to war over what, a being whom we believed was the champion. What an idiotic idea. You have lost it so much that you wish to believe in a fairy-tale. Tell me did your fair-tale save your people when Fearli and Celestial’s attacked you. Did it protect you or your people. No! And that is the reality of it, cause if it had, you wouldn’t be here now, so be a good boy and submit to my will.” His eyes were dark and intense. Criya stared at him as she understood that he truly had no choice as Jade pleaded with him not to bow. Criya saw no other way, as he moved to bow down a gaurd burst through the door interrupting them. 

He was breathing heavily as he spoke while trying to catch his breath: “Please forgive me my Lords and Ladies, but I have urgent news…” he said as she took a few deep breaths. He had ran with all he could as he started to feel the auro and presence of all within the room, in that moment he spoke quickly as though trying to save himself: “There is a group of 3 individuals, their each wearing a red, golden and white cloaked robes covering them head to toe. They seem to be from an unknown nation. They claim to have news on the Emperor and Cai. They requested a meeting with you lord More.” He said as he sank down to the ground bowing. Toma was annoyed as this interruption was unneeded. But still he was curious as to what was going on. In that moment he wanted to know who it was as he ordered the guard to allow them in. As they entered they shocked the room, and the flag and robes were of a very interesting material. It was clearly a very deep and attractive color for each of the robes. As Toma looked to wards the flag, he asked all there if they knew which nation, house that flag belonged 2 as all said it was their first time ever seeing it. In a moment Minia jumped up and yelled out: “Take of your masks this instants, show us your faces!” She roared as she noticed that they all had blank masks covering their faces, each was plan white with no painting on wholes to show any feature of the face. It was plain and direct that the masks where the same type she had given her special 8th division. Her surprise demand caught all by surprise, as Toma added: “Well reveal your faces or do are you to cowardly to even show your face, who are you and whom do you serve!” Toma’s request was fierce as they had interrupted his moment of victory.  
In a moment the 2 form in red and white cloaks moved forward as the one in white would place the flag upright and plant it in the ground, set within the floor of the room. In that moment they would both slowly remove the clothes and their masks. Under the red was Mira and under the white was Pandro which confused everyone. They stared directly at Toma. Minia screamed towards them: “What is the meaning of this… Mira how are you alive? (Last time Irane blew a whole in her and scared Minia’s arm.) She was shocked as Mira and Pandro moved forward. Pandro grabbed the flag in his right hand again. Mira spoke up: “Good day to you Lord Toma More, Lady Minia Consa, Lady Evelyn Revyn, Lord Audis Prescian, Lord Nex Wov, Lady Kai Osiro, and all who are present here today. I am Mira I. Ardent, the great general of his majesty, he who stands on at the pinnacle of all existence.” She spoke as though she was both blessing and worshipping, it was strange to hear Mira speak in such a way as Pandro also spoke in all horror and respects: “I am Pedro I. Prescian. The great Sage of my Lord, he who is all and beyond. We are honour to be here today and we are grateful that you are all present to bear witness. Be glad as very few are allowed the honour, the privilege to be in the presence of our Lord. And he has chosen to even traverse this city, we walked and passed ourselves.” There was a moment as fear gripped the room as it was clear when Mira and Pandro both bowed in pure reverence and awe towards the being who stood centre between them. As they did his golden cloths erupted in a large all consuming golden fire as it consumed him, the guards moved in the defend Toma and the rest of those present, his mana was explosive as the flames toon the form of a phoenix for a moment and changed again. In a moment as the smoke cleared the face of the man was revealed and a cold silent chill swept through the room, I had been 5 years as Minia looked on in shock and fear. As Minia looked her hypnosis took place, it was fear with admiration all in one. As Mira and Pandro spoke: “Bare witness and he honoured to be in his awe, and majestic presence:
THE CORE OF CORES, THE EIGTH CHAMPION OF PRIMALS, THE FIRST EMPEROR OF APEXIA: 
LORD IRANE KAZEMI!

In this moment the golden flames completely burnet away Irane’s cloak as he seemed to see all who were there. His new golden features were striking as his horns and eyes with the different coloured streaks travelling between his strands, but what was more terrifying was the looked he had, his golden eyes seemed to reflect the rage and a golden fire seemed to be burning as he stared right at Toma. He had done his best but even now Irane couldn’t hide his rage and hatred for Minia, for Toma. His mana wasn’t intense, instead it felt absolute. As Mira did all she could to keep it contained and under control. Irane stared directly at Toma. Not breaking eye contact. In that moment it was clear who he was here to see. In that moment as well with no hesitation Criya looked towards Irane as he moved immediately to he’s knees. He bowed low which shocked Jade and Adri. Criya seemed certain, no he was as he spoke: “I live to serve my Lord, My Emperor, Lord Kazemi!” As he said that he looked at down at Criya as he looked at him for a moment: Mira spoke: “Thank you Criya, but there will be plenty of time to pledge your allegiance once Lord Kazemi is done speaking with Toma More” It was her tone, and how she didn’t add lord to his name that enraged him, but he felt like he couldn’t move, in that moment he felt Irane’s mana. The whole room felt as though a great pressure was passing through. Irane looked at Toma as Toma looked back and asked: “So your Irane Kazemi, Ii guess I don’t need to introduce myself, so tell me what exactly do you want? Irane Kazemi{he stretched his name}” as Irane looked at him, he took a breath as he spoke: “It really isn’t all that complicated I came here to negotiate a treaty for my Empire, or is that note clear Primal?” The room froze as they took note of how he spoke which worried Minia the most, the smooth relaxed tone of his speech. Most of all was the pure rage and clear human tone to it made it clear that this was not the same 8 that left and returned. Minis had her guard up even taking multiple steps back creating distance between her and Irane, she was worried on what Arai could have ordered him to do. She still didn’t know on his freedom, in that moment Irane’s shifted towards Minia, in that moment she instinctively tried to use her control spell. Irane stared at her for a moment as he thought: “Interesting, so that was the control spell that Ember created. I really can’t tell the difference in term of her mana. It really is like my 3 command cores. But I can’t see the cores. Interesting so that’s how it works. What an annoying spell. I will need to be careful of it, it could cause me trouble in the future. Well not that it matters seeing that Summari and Nighla already adopted to that seal. I have to wait for them to tell me how when they’re old enough. Or better yet I could just kill her right her and now…” In that moment what seemed like a cold stream of death passed though the room, it made everyone stand on edge. All felt like they needed to prepare for battle. Their guards were up yet they all still felt unsafe, as though safety was an illusion. 
Irane took a moment as he moved and asked: “Are these seats take?” Asking Criya on the three sits prepared for them, as he immediately have them over to the three of them. Pandro and Mira gave Criya a wink to show that they could be trusted. In that moment all he felt was relief, as Adri and Jade were very confused by his action, they still felt the same relief. In their hearts they all took a breath as though letting go of the heavy burden of leading and passing it on to Mira, Pandro and Irane. 
Irane sat with Mira on his left and Pandro on his right. All three seemed to be in extremely well talied robed and suits. They were still in their original color, but they seemed even more revering and direct. Irane spoke first: “Tell me More, what do you truly desire at your core?” He looked at him right in the eye. Toma felt uncomfortable, he felt his skin crawl at that glare from Irane as he smiled while replying: “I simply wish to protect my people and to get revenge on all those monstered that attacked us. I want to end them all.” Irane stare broke as he leaned back on his chair and closed his eyes: “Interesting… I see and tell me, what if your desire for revenge is what leads to your people extinction?” Toma seemed shocked by question as he replied with an annoyed expression, he spoke as though speaking to a child who know nothing: 
“I won’t stand here and act as though my hands are clean, they are very bloody, drenched in the blood of Orians, Primals and Humans. All three, I am a monster and that is fine. After all it was this monster that allowed us to survive, if I didn’t act we would have all ceased to exist centuries ago, we had to suffer so much, and for what. We were hunted, killed. I learned what the Orians did to the prisoners they captured. I watched my people die more and more everyday. We were 6 billion strong, and now we are a mere 1 billion, what is that. Do you think that Vraka and Selis will just stop, no they still hunt us down to make use their Ferali and Celestial slaves, they hunt us down. And now your Primals in Paradise have learned that very clearly. It will never end and the only one who deal with them is me. I have all I need to formulate and destroy them. With the Wov and Osiro clans, alongside all the 6 great houses and other Primals I will have all I need to create the ultimate force. With Minia I have a genius who is adapt at core evolution. With the Revyn and Prescian, I have a strong foundation and set with the hierarchy of the Primals. Now I stand even above them. As they serve to ensure the people stay by my side. I have all I need. Once I have the Primals of Paradise, I will be complete and fully ready to end it all…” Irane interrupted: “Really, but I am curious what kind of a nation or future your people will have when they know nothing but war, nothing but conflict. You want to pit a force of 2 billion against the 8 billion Ferali and Celestials. Plus the 10 billion Orians with 4 billion being Alma, 4 billion being Spirits and 2 billion being Ascen. They would all be of use in Niro’s had, and what will you have. 2 billion and that’s it. All you’re doing it preparing for a swift defeat and you know it. You sit on that chair as though it is a throne, while you’re preparing for your own death. Your truly are foolish More!” Irane seemed disappointed by his response as he looked towards Minia, then to Saga and Evelyn. He looked at them all and all he could sense from them was unease. They were all worried and concerned. All but Audis who was more unease on the tension. He was in truth overjoyed to see Irane and Mira. He was struggling to keep his composure. As Irane looked around and noted Audis as: “I see a believer in the champion. Its clear to me know, there are really 2 camps in this city. Those who believe in the champion, then those who believe in the Emperor. But those who believe in the champion outnumber the Emperor beloved by millions. Its interesting. But everyone is weary of me, even those 2(looking at Nex and Kai), I haven’t ever seen them, but judging by their reactions I need to be careful, they clearly see me an an enemy. House Wov and House Osiro. Turning them will require Gaia and Cronus’s core. But I can defiantly grab the Prescian easily. The Revyn is a different story with Evelyn by the seat. I will need to play by ear with her. Then there the Consa and More clans. I need to find the best way to disarm them with little bloodshed. For now I need to play this by ear…” 
Well regardless I don’t really care, anyways I will get to my point. In all honesty our goals align for I desire the destruction of the Arke twins. That is after all why I was created, it is my main purpose as the Champion.” Toma seemed surprised by this as he asked: “Really and what do you desire from me?” As he replied: “I am planning on making Paradise the main hub and spot for battling the Arke twins seeing how they’re already hounding it. I have 3 requirements: 
1. You will give the Primals the absolute right and the ability to travel between Paradise and Heaven. 
2. Ensure that you will se my empire of Apexia as a nation and 
3. The registration of the Kazemi as my legal clan name.
Those are my demands oh and I will need about 100 trillion in funds in order to get started so I will expect that moment from you of course.” Toma looked at him as he thought for a moment: “Basically you want it so that it stays as it is, where people can choose to come to Heaven and serve me, or they can choose to leave Heaven and Go to Paradise and serve you? Am I understanding you correctly?” Irane nodded as he replied: “Yes, the channels are open. And of course they can’t just chose to be in Paradise one day, or Heaven the next. It will set that they must make a choice on which they prefer, They can go to Both freely but when the time comes they must make their choice.” Evelyn asked directly: “And pray tell how long will this period be for?” Mira replied: “We will keep the gates to Paradise open for 5 years. Which allows you within that time the freedom to move between allowed regions of Apexia. Of course there is limitation to what non-citizens can be. But after 5 years, they must choose, and as for children below 21, I propose that we allow them free rights to travel and be in either until they turn 21 then they must choose. How does that sound?” Toma smirk as he replied: “I see, 5 years which mean even before that 5 years people can already select where to stay. Irane after speaking stood up as he, Mira and Pandro started wrapping themselves in their robes again. Mira spoke: “I want you to understand something Lord More, when you inform the people of this you are to call his majesty by his full title, and you will not butcher it or lie about this.” As Toma laughed as he asked: And what happens if I do lie.” In that second burst on intense mana flowed from Irane, it was beyond powerful as Toma noticed Irene’s cold dark glare and all he could perceive from them was how he was going to die if he wasn’t careful Toma heard of Irane’s abilities and deeds. He knew what he was capable of. In truth he was worried that Irane was going to kill them all right there and than. An action which wouldn’t have been impossible but Irane was doing his best to ensure as few people died in this as possible. As he was about to walk away Minia sharply asked Irane with what seemed like truly concerned look and sound her voice and expression: “8, are our children okay?” Pandro replied as he spoked: “Those 2 children whom you were prepared to leave to their fate are fine, no thanks to you Minia, but understand you will never see them, ever.” As Pandro said this a child chill flowed past as Evelyn asked: “All Primals are free to become citizens of Paradise, even use?” Pandro replied: “Yes that is correct. I will be taking my children there, but I will still allow them the chance to make a a choice unless the whole Prescian clan decided to join.” He stared at Audis who was still in awe of Irane. Toma spoke: “Well than Irane, good luck dealing with the Arke twins, and I hope you do your best to build your empire.” Irane, Mira and Pandro took on the cloacked forms as they left followed by Criya, Adri and Jade. Pandro pulled a snow blue cloak for Criya and a shade of pink for Adri and Emerald for Jade. They moved out the room. As Toma sat in silent wonder as he finally spoke: “I wonder what he’s real goal is? This is unexpected and I don’t like it.”

As they left the room, they were now as they all heard Toma speaking to all the citizens of Heaven, he greeted them and named the great Primordials. He then explained what would be their next steps forward as he told them about the Deal with Paradise, and of the Emperor Irane Kazemi. 
Very few knew the truth of the name Irane in the city as very few ever heard Valariya’s tale, but those who did immediately knew what Irane ment. What he ment as many packed, there was a tussle and movement in the streets after this as an about 10 million Primals were reportedly moving to Paradise, Even Audis added how the Prescian and the Revyn clans would open a branch there to monitor. Toma ordered Evelyn to handle this and watch from the inside, he ordered her to become a Primal of Apexia. It was shocking as he added to Alex how he needed to contend his preparations for the upcoming war against the Orians. Minia was asked to support Alex, and avoid Irane at all cost. Toma was worried of the story that was to come. As Irane left the city, 10 million Primals followed, as they moved through the streets to the gate, they had the right to be in Paradise. But many knew of what Paradise was currently like, it was a hell of a city. A hunting ground for the Arke and their Feral Beasts and celestial Tools. It has even become a place where they battle occasionally. It is hell to be there. A pure hell of a place, with only 40 million staying out of fear and honour, they were still a far cry from the total they used to be. In truth they were at their ropes end, and they were tired of being tired. To fight what seemed as an endless war and still Gai nothing from it. The ancient city was old, and it was hard to stay in properly. It was not built to handle 40 million lives and now they were all crowded within out of necessity. 
To get food and water was a struggles as all tried and fought to for food and resources. The city was partway made with ancient Primordial Technology which Cia(Hope) was able to restart at a very limited capacity moving only water though the city, not power or heat. The situation was getting harder as people were fleeing and dying due to the extreme increase of the attacks of the Vraka and Selis. Criya was explaining to Irane, Mira, Pandro and Milla, aswell as the other 200 who came with them as they moved towards Paradise. It was dark to hear but Irane’s expression did now change as though he was expecting this. But still the city was in horrible shape and was struggling to keep the people save. Heaven unlike Paradise could support the 1 billion people, but it was difficult for them. Irane didn’t reveal his face. He kept his cloak on. 

Irane address Criya after his update as Criya added: “We are currently 40 million from our former 100 million. We can’t survive and we are stuck, I don’t know what to do to make it better, I’m a fighter not a builder.” Criya said sorrowfully as Irane spoke: “Understood Criya, thank you for all you have done, and don’t even think of yourself as a failure. You held out and have been protecting 40 million people for the last few months with the limited resources, in all honesty it seems you were able to achieve the impossible so good job Criya…” At his words Criya started to cry, the praise was all he needed. It had been a rough time without Cai, they were losing on all sides. All the bodies he had to bury and burn. All the people they lost to the Arke, watching his people be turned into Ferali and Celestials. He was so tired from the burned that he had felt like a failure. As he cried for some time. They were traveling to Paradise and the path they were using would take some time, as it was the only direct path from Heaven to Paradise. Even with the portals for movement in Limbo it would still take some time for them to arrive. It was as though a pilgrimage was talking place as the millions of people moved along with their luggage. They moved to follow the being in gold as Adri asked: “Why didn’t you reveal yourself to everyone. I mean if they all knew who you were then all 2 billion Primals would follow you no doubt?” She was confused by it all, They all had to wear these outfits that hid their identities. their faces as Jade replied: “Let me see if my guess is right, you don’t want all 2 billion primals following you do you lord Kazemi?” Irane kept looking forward as all were riding on Crono in her giant blue form flying around. Irane looked forward as he replied: “Of course I don’t want 2 billion primals at my door step. Imagine for a moment that instead of 10 million, we had nearly 2 billion people moving to Paradise. They would all be killed. Many would starve while others killed each other rom the space. It would be absolute hell.” At that Adri looked down in worry as Jade added: “So you’re saying what, we can’t ever help them.” In that moment it was Criya who cut in: “5 years was the time you set for the choice. And Toma said so himself to the people. All had 5 years to select. In 5 years time you want to transform Paradise into place that can support 2 billion people?” At that Adri seemed shocked as Irane smiled: “You misunderstand. Paradise in terms off history is just the ancient city of the Primordials. But in the past Primals numbered in the billions. There are many areas around from the centre that we will take over.” Jade asked directly while confused: “Take over? What do you mean?” IN that moment Irane stood up and asked them: “Tell me who exactly do you serve? The Primals, The Empress of Me?” That question caught them ofgaurd as Criya immediate replied: “We serve you Lord Irane Kazemi!” The speed at which he replied shocked Adri and Jade. He seemed different from his old self. They weren’t sure what he was on about but in that moment is was clear to them what Irane ment. He was here not to liberate, but to conquer and to establish his empire. In that moment Adri looked on at Irane as she asked: “We live to serve the Primals of Paradise. Those who believe in the Emperor, the emperor that Cai promised use…” As she said Irane interrupted: “I see and who is this emperor you believe in? Did Cai ever say his name, or where you simply asked to guess?” Adri was silent at that as Jade looked on, he looked back at the millions of Primals behind them, then he thought about the Primals in Heaven. He had sworn to lady Cai to serve her as the Empress. He believed in the fairy-tale, so why now was he hesitating. He knew of Irane and how he was, he was amazed by him during the war but he never got to see him act himself. He was worried as he stared, he wasn’t sure as he looked on at Criya who had already made his choice. He respected Criya, more then most, he was with him these last 8 months so he knew just how dire their situation truly was as he looked at Irane, he went to his knees and bowed his head to the ground to the sheer surprise of Adri as he spoke: “I live to serve you Lord Irane Kazemi!” As Jade said this Irane asked: “If I was to order you to  kill your own child, if I ordered you to kill the ones you love in my name, if I ordered you to die would you?” There was a long pause as Criya replied, he was loud and absolute: “If it was your will I would kill all the I love, and I would die for you my lord. But it is not because I am oblivious to what is right or wrong, I simply say so cause I trust that you would never order me to kill my child for no reason my lord.” Irane face looked downwards towards Criya as he asked a different question: “Would you live for me, Criya?” At this Criya cried out: “My life is yours to do with as you see fit.” Irane rdirected his body towards the front as a golden Fruit rolled towards Criya as Irane ordered: “Once you eat that you will be a valariyan… One who has offered his very life to be used by the emperor. Adri, Jade, you both will be placed as Apexian’s. Those who serve the empire as her loyal citizens.” As he said this Mira and Pandro explained what the difference was, as Criya ate the whole fruit, down to pit and seeds within. The whole thing was consumed as a golden light covered a handful of Criya's ice-blue hair. As he looked at it he noticed the same pattern on Mira and Pandro’s hair. At this he smiled slightly. 
Irane thought to himself: “I amazed, only Criya joined, I was sure Jade would also be a Valariyan. That’s relieving to see.” Irane made sure Toma didn’t announce that it was his name. All he told the people was the move on Heaven and Paradise and how they could travel between the 2 and choose. Many of the 10 million only joined not cause of Irane, they did know who the people in robes where. They all took a gamble as many amoung them asked if they made the right choice and if it wouldn’t have been a smarted to move to wait 4 years. Many who were with them were poor and the absolute drags of from Heaven. They had nothing, as most saw this not as a way to a better life, but death. While alot took a chance on faith. They believed that the people in robes were sent by the Emperor, that now Paradise would return to what it was. Alot of unrest was among the people as they moved on to Paradise. As they arrived at the gate to the city, Irane  thought to himself, on what the best way to handle this was. No he already knew what to say. As he jumped of Crono as his feet moved onto the ground. Criya lead them into the city. It was full and barely functioning with millions of people scattered about everywhere. Irane looked on at the sight. At the faces as all the people looked exhausted, Tired and at the end of their rope. Irane walked through as 

He’s voices pulsed and echoed throughout the city, it was deep and clear, none could mistake his words or his meaning as he spoke: “My name is Irane C. Kazemi. And I have come to inform you of 2 things…” At this the city, all the people paused as though to focus on what he was about to say, his hidden face and body all made them stand on edge. Irane’s voiced booed through the city: “1st: Lady Cai Consa is dead!” As he said this he lifted the last robe she was wearing when left for her mission to save Irane. It was the same one that all last saw he wearing and at this the city felt a cry pass though it, Jade sank to his knees in horror. What made it all the worse was Iranes mana broadcasting. It was true and none could deny his words. Millions of people in that moment lost all faith, tears flowed as they were awaiting her, they all felt hope die in that moment. As Irane continued: “She died rescuing me and my children, and so I am indebted to her in all respects, and so I have also come to fulfil her final request… to save all she cared for. And so I am here to fulfil that promise. To honour her last wish and to protect the Primals of Paradise!” As silence passed over the city at Iranes words. What could he do, what did he mean, to fulfil her last wish. He was here because of Cai and he wasn’t lying. It made all look at him closely as he carried on: “2nd…” He said as Pandro placed the flag he had down next to Irane. He cast as spell as it grew to cover the whole back of Irane Pandro and Mira. The flag and its details available he carried on: “I have come to build my Empire upon these lands!” He said as Mira and Pandro spoke up about the Apexia Empire.” It was now that people started to mumble as they finally took note of his name ‘Irane kazemi’ the same name as the legend from the fairy-tale. They all knew the take, they all knew the name well. As now they heard him claim to be Irane. They couldn’t see his face, he had gloves covering his hands and his golden hair was distinct. This man claiming to be Irane Kazemi, could he be the Emperor? The question started to flow as they listened to Mira and Pandro explain their options: “You have 4 options in reality: 
1. You Stay and Become a citizen of Apexia and choose to be a Valariyan. 
2. You can Stay and simply choose to be a primal of Paradise who serves Lord Irane Kazemi as a Apexian
3. You can leave and be a Primal of More in Heaven
4. Or leave and carve out your own path. 
These are your options, and understand that those who choose the first option, will suffer the most, your very lives will be the property of Lord Kazemi, you will be in all rights his slaves!” 

Their words sent shivers down their spines, but the word of Kazemi confused them. It was strange, they saw it as audacity to the name of a Primordial, but the worse part was how it all sounded. His hidden face scared them. As they thought about the 4 options before them. 
Irane made sure that people saw option 1 as the worst and honest most pointless option. He made it sound as pure slavery, and it scared people as most didn’t even think about it. It seemed insane to offer their lives. Irane smiled as he looked the Primals deliberating their options. As Mira continued: “You all have until midday tomorrow to make your choice. Chose wisely!” As she said this the only thing present was the flag of Apexia. They all looked at it, at the details. It was morning when they arrived. They more then 24 hours to decide as Irane walked around the city observing its ancient infrastructure, he looked at the broken down building. The city was as Hope described. A marble of a long dead age, an age of Primordial Technology. Of a time when the very Primordial had created this city. It was now broken and dead. The mana channels were dried and the buildings were in crumbs. Even worse the increasing populating made it even worse to see the city as anything more than a dead caucus. The over population, and the needs of people, and how they destroyed ancient buildings to make room for people. Irane was saddened by it all. But still he was saddened more by the state of the people. They all looked dead and broken. Treed and hungry. The city and its people were about to break. He listened to it all, how how people planned to leave and go to Heaven. How they heard of Lord Toma More’s announcement on the choices they had. He looked as wondered the city, he came across 2 young children. They were extremely skinny and sickly. It was clear the hadn’t eaten in days as they said: “Lord could you stare some food?” Irane looked down at them, his masked face made him seem monstrous and terrifying as he looked at them. He knelt down and asked: “Apologies, I don’t have any food on me at the moment, but why don’t you and anyone else you know is hungry come with me, I have some food back in the castle.” His voice was rough but his words were gentle as one child checked if they could really bring their friends as Irane laughed as said yes. In a moment he was surrounded by thousands of hungry children and elderly people, he lead them all back to the castle. He had packed plenty of supplies back from the island. Arai and Zoe had inticiated the need for large food and grew more than enough to feed 100 million people for 4 months, It was added with frozen fish and carried. All also added with seeds and dried fruits. Irane didn’t reveal how much he had, but made enough for the few who were there. He looked about and made them all food with the help of the 200 people who came with them. In this moment started a conversation between the Primals and those who served Irane. Irane had ordered them not to disclose his true identity, not to say he is the Champion, but also not denie it. They would all share the story of how they were imprisoned on earth and they were saved by Cai. They started on an island for about 8 months before coming here under Irane’s orders. It was tight plan as many the Primals realised that many of the Humans with Irane were Orians, it was a scary revelations which caused a minor incident where some of the primals started to fight against the Valariyan’s. Mira stepped in and calmed the situation: “They are Valariyan’s and they serve lord Irane. It is that simple.” She was assertive on how they weren’t dangerous and how they were safe. The news spread as now many question if Irane was someone they could trust. 

This was exactly what Irane wanted, sawing worry and confusion about who he was would ensure that many people didn’t choose his to Apexian’s. It would take alot of work to fully rebuild the city and make it liveable and in reality the fewer people where present, the better. But more than anything he wanted as few people to choose to be Valariyan’s as possible. He hated the idea of making people his. In truth he feared what he would do with them, what he would make people who have sworn themselves completely do. It was a fear of absolution, as Irane would at all time: “Put his very core into it.” As his core and all that it ‘owns’. He wanted as few people like that a he would use them for all they were worth. They Ould be like his Tools and they would be made perfect by him. That compulsion he obtained from his mind to be perfect, On Arai’s desire for perfection and completion, he very core ingrained on Irane a view on people and goals. He would use all he had for a job. But the real horror came as his mindset shifted as he would do into his cores power. He would view them as extentions of his being and to be wielded under his will. All who choose to be Valariyan’s would in truth be making a contract with Irane: 
To be an Apexian was to make a contract with Irane, you would swear loyalty and pay taxes as well as obey the law, as citizen of the Empire, while also obtaining a tool or beast from the Emperor. When you die your core becomes the Emperor properly. 
To be a Valariyan, was far deeper, it was to offer ones core and also be at the full disposal of the Emperor. His will would effect them, as they would be his tools, like his cells they would be Irane’s extension. And his to wield. It was a in truth slavery yes, but also a contract where they would obtain a Hybrid beast and also be able to use the power of the Kazemi. Such as his will and drive. They could also tap into that power and use it to boost their abilities. To get in the zone and enhance their abilities as required. 
Kazemi’s Drive allowed them to enhance a concept of themselves: Either Their mind, Hearts(Cores), or Bodies, they Would get a boost based on which they tapped into. 
Irane’s Will was a boost to the body in terms of boosting either the Tool, of Beasts or hybrid form of ones Tool. It tapped directly for example if a person merged with their Tool or Beasts and activated the Will, it would also boost them

Both were extremely powerful abilities which acted as amplifiers on what was there at base. It required training to master and develop, as well and constant work. It was not a shoot cut but a road of hardship to master and use. It was these gifts but also the lose of their cores to Irane as well. They are his extensions, and it is generational as the children of those who made the contract with Kazemi would carry over, and the children would have the right to either seal or break the contract when they turn 21 years of age.

Irane said:” To be a Valariyan, is to be the Kazemi’s Tool, and extension of Irane’s Will. To be an Apexian was to be a Simple citizen of Kazemi. Who all follow and obey his law in return for being citizens and all the needed requirestment for life. They would simply be citizens of his country, of his Empire. Irane didn’t want to many Valariyan’s as he knew he would order the weak to die, he hated how he thought, he hated the logic and he hated the sacrifice of it all. He would happily kill himself, Sheed his weakness to achieve a goal so in a sad manner this was no different. He knew he did this and he hated it for to much. Already he hade 153 Valerians with the addition of Criya. He knew Aliya would join as a Valariyan when she returned and he knew that Assa would to, he wasn’t sure of Rui, be he knew that Rui would follow Assa anywhere, even more He knew Dio would join and he was glad that he knew Leo would never. When they returned they would have to choose. To be the Emperors Tool or Not. “It really is a very simple choice!” He thought to himself. 

He needed time and he needed as many people as possible but he also didn’t want to force people, he wanted them to choose to be Apexian. 
That day he travelled and looked around at the different abounded cities off the Ancient Primals, he was trying to gather as much info and data on the ancient Primordial Technology. He even assigned Pandro the tasks of gathering all the manuscripts and info the Primals knew on the Primordial-Technology(P-Tech). He found the city the was most intact was Tulla 
Irane take a large number of Priamls to stay in the unguarded city of old Tu which he would rename the city Tulla in an area which would be know as the nation of Valariya with the capital of Tulla. It was the city of the Eclips Ashveil. The one who became The Eclipse Beast ~ it was a marvel of a city, but the reason became clear as Irane noticed the Celestials there. They were still part of the system. But this city was to great of a gem to not use. 

As he was gone Mira was in-charge of dealing leading the people in the absence of Irane to the confort of Criya who feared they would leave him in-charge again. He was clerkly traumatised even though Mira did praise him for how well he handled the situation as Criya asked her what she thought Irane’s intent was, as she told him about the full plan, she told him everything, the truth about Cai, the events at the lab, and the death of Valariya. She did not hide a detail as he was left shocked, as she also told him how she knew he was trying to make sure as few people joined and became Valariyan’s as possible. She explained how he did want to have that kind of leverage and control over people. She explained how she was special due to having his Will core directly, but also how she constantly felt his emotions and how intense they are: “he tried to keep himself under control but he doesn’t understand, it his emotions at his core that are triggers, even if he doesn’t show his rage, he still feels it and thus I feel it to. His emotions are intense, and I lose myself in them sometime, which is why I only use my Emo and Contraint in their Inactive forms, and why I also don’t merge with them. Unlike you ice boy. I only do it if I have absolutely no choice.” As Criya would laugh and reply: “Your just jealous cause of how good I am and merging with Winter and Bearasal. Bu the way, its nice to se you final got your beast.” As he pointed to Emo, as she explained how he was the manifestation of the emperors emotions. He was shocked as he noticed how he was shifting to Emo-Joy Form — Celestial Hound, it was bright and electric. As Mira noted that Irane was now Excited.” 
The city was a rumble of commotion as people gathered which the Valariyan’s passed around food rations. They spoke on about the choices they would each make. And it was clear that their options were limited to either 2. Or 3. They were the best options after all, as many arguments started about which one was the best. The city was livid with commotion, “Being a Apexian is the right move!” “We must be Primals until the end and even if we must be with our brother and sisters.:” many words f=on the choices and which path guaranteed safety and a better tomorrow, as some children passed around dancing in joy, Mira noticed how seemed more excited them anxious. As many asked them why they were so excited and happy, the young boy would say: “Were just excited to be Like the people in the story and build the Empire with Lord Kazemi.” Many were shocked, as these children clearly still saw the hope of the fairy-tale within them, one that had died within them a long time ago. They didn’t believe anymore as they resolved to beat the children for even bringing it up, Mira appeared with Criya, hidden in their robes appeared to stop them, as they did out of fear. People lost alot but still these children didn’t seem shaken instead they seemed more motivated and inspired. It was starnge as she remembered how in the fairy-tail: 
The Emperor creates his empire within his chosen and special people. I guess for them they believe the special people must be Valariyan’s. Which in a way they are right. It’s clear what people will choose. But still an old mark spread its seed, as that which was dead, that which was burnt was reignited in some people. Hope which had burnt them seemed to return to them for a time. It was a seed that returned for a moment. What if… Irane was using the name Kazemi, and he was absolute with it, there was no room for doubt on that part or regard. People were thinking about it deeply. Some said he was being disrespectful, others called him a fool insulting them, but some thought he was 8 in disguised, while others believed that he could be 8’s child… There were many stories and theorise that start on this day and it infected the city with it. The people didn’t need to focus on food as Irane was moving supplies through the city so all their energy went to this, as the day came for people to choose. Irane returned from Tulla. 



Part 6.3: The Apexian Empire!

What does it take to move the hearts of men? What do you need to do have the loyalty of you neighbour? What must you do to earn the respect of you Enemies? Is it when your nobility is untarnished? It it to shine above all others? What kind of man is capable of swaying the hearts of men like that. What man can earn the love of every woman? What kind of man can stand and claim to be above all other man. In all of human history there are many titles which have echoed through time, but none catch the ear and fascination such as Emperor! It is quite a title indeed. It is the title of the human who can challenge the Gods. And in all the worlds there can only be 1 Emperor! 
I shall be that man who stands above all others, I shall carry that title, that weight, that burden and that honour and privilege. If you will my people of Apexia, My Apexian’s, my Valariyan’s offer me all you can so we can start forging the path forward. Come with me, come with Irane Kazemi!” 

These are the words Irane would deliver at 1 o’clock as the people made their choices...{50 million}
Now we must take a moment and enter the minds of the Primals of Paradise. They are now a mass of 50 million strong, 10 million came from the city of Heaven with Criya, so you can be sure they have already made their choice on being part of the Apexia Empire. Now with the 40 million, most of them just heard how the woman who they rallied under was dead and now there was this man going by the name of the great Primordial beasts Kazemi as his last name. He claims he is here to save you. Now if you were In their shoes which path would you take? 
* As many dare a total of 20 million Primals joined the Apexian Empire. 
* 18 million chose to Heaven
* 2 million chose the unthinkable, to be marked as forgotten and to look for a path besides that of Paradise and Heaven, in a way they chose suicide.

Irane lamented their choice, but he would not question them, no he would not do them that dishonour, besides he had an even greater issue before as from the 15 million Primals who joined his empire: 
* 13 million choose the path of Apexian’s while a while 
* 2 million chose the Valariyan total. 

Irane was shocked, he did exxpect even a million to join in but two, now that is horrifying. As he looked at them at the 15 million before him: “You have chosen to be my people, to follow my law, and to be of use to my empire, you have chosen to make my empire your home and as such you better know your place!” As in a moment they were all forced to their knees bowing deeply. Fear, all they felt in that moment was fear as they looked at Irane, a golden phoenix for appeared behind him making him appear even more intimidating. The force and aura flowing out was enough to force most to their knees. But it was how it felt like it didn’t need to do much to make kneel. It was ease of it all. How they felt as though they wanted to kneel. Irane looked at them, no one could see his face as it was hidden by his mask, but this mana, they felt this mana. And they felt it well. It was ingrained onto their cores. It was terrifying as he then allowed them to stand. His pressure shifted from forcefully to what almost seemed welcoming. It pulled them in. His force and aura were now more gentle and soft but still felt hard and stern. As he looked at them. Now there was just them within the ruined city. The gates were closed and the seal was complete. He showed his authority and flexed his might, as then all the Primals on Heaven also watched, but now it was just them. In that moment a silence feel from the sudden lock sound which covered over the City. 

Irane’s robes burnt again. As Mira and Pandro Also appeared. They showed their faces now. Irane bowed down low before them all, now all the Primals where standing as Irane spoke: “As you are citizens of Apexia, that means I am your Emperor. It is a pleasure to meet you all.” As he said this he pulled the mask off his face and he also outstretched his wings, after a moment Summari, Nighla and Pandro appeared, seeming been under Irane’s wings, tucked away. “My name is Irane C. Kazemi! And I am…” As he was about to finish Nighla screamed out in a broken baby voice:”Emperor.” It was a moment which left everyone, even Irane speechless for a moment. 
As he said so he had a giant gentle smile. His dragon features were apparent and in that moment his whole face and appearance was clear. Irane smiled in their faces as he spoke: “Here and now this is my first decree when I am wearing this mask you will all pretend that I am not the emperor, and that I am just a regular civilian, your free to call me Irane when you see me, but only when I am wearing the mask. Now that you shall only see me as one of you.” He stretched his wings and agains showed his smile. He spoke as he told them: “I won’t mince words we have an unimaginable amount of work, so if you were under the impression that your were truly in Paradise then I have to sadly disappoint you, the name of this city you see will only true be a paradise once you have all suffered in this hell of a world ot make and maintain it as a Paradise.” 

The city was silent as though all the people where in a spell. They were all dazed as Irane spoke. The city simply laid silent as though nothing else mattered. They all listened looked and wondered it they were truly awake, or if they where asleep. Where they in reality, or where they dreaming, What this man before truly the Emperor, is that truly 8. None really mattered as they all simply looked at him, and awe at him, Irane spoke as his voice echoed to all parts of the city: 
“We will divide out efforts. Listen and listen to me well. My will is absolute and I assure you I will not tolerate betrayal, I will not accept mutiny or insubordination. And most of all, if you break my law, I assure you will suffer at my hands personally. This is it your final chance to leave, take it it or leave it!” As he said there was no movement in the city. Irane looked on at the masses who simply stared in awe of hi as he continued: Then it it sealed, you are my people. 

Listen up we will be dividing our efforts as such, we need to focus on dealign with the Arke’s. I have a plan and in all honesty I am happy we are divided like this, All the Valariyan’s will come with me to Tulla.” AS he said so there was a moment  confusion, as though people heard that right, it was an old place that teeming with Celestials. Out of all the other cities, it was the most dangerous to approach as Irane spoke: “I will make this clear, I did not come here simply to protect, I also came here to conquer and build. I am an an Emperor. Besides I have a good reasons. We need the technology within that city, if I can get it, it can start to reverse engineer it and we can also start restoring and using this ancient technology. We have 5 years, 5 years to make this a true Paradise.” 
He said with a roar as the people cheered, they were loud and proud. Irane assessed them all and thought of the best place ot move them all, to make the most and best use of them. To his luck they were mostly all quite young, with about 800_000 being around 10 - 20 and 1_000_000 of the Valerians where about 20 - 35. While the rest of the 200_000 was a varied of older people and some young children as Irane only counts those who could be of use now. He spoke: Now the Valariyan’s will form square 0 - as we will move onto Tulla and capture the city, then harvest and learn from it all we can. From the 13 million Apexian. You will be devolved into squad 1 and 2. Mira will lead squad 1 as it will have our largest numbers and our biggest force, then we will move squad 2 who will be lead by Criya. It will be the squad operating directly in the city and the main defence squad. It was a major crux for him as he would be aided by Pandro in his efforts to rebuild and protect. Mira would act as the main spearpoint but for now we would be separate as squad 1 and 2 will stay in the city of Paradise choosing who will be in their squads and starting training.” 

As Irane spoke, a moment passed when a man screamed with wind magic which carried throughout the city, it was with such force that made him pass out, in that moment A man who near Irane in the throne room asked Irane directly load enough for all to hear from the transmission in the room: “Are you truly Lord Eight Consa?” As Irane paused he stared at the man in confusion as he asked: “I really do dislike that name you know, its more like a number than a name, well unless were looking at the symbol for the number, now that is a different story, but to conclude, Yes I am But please use my real name Irane Kazemi. The whole city paused as the people started scream out: “Hail Lord Kazemi!!” As the city started to roar and echo with the sound, The chant turned into celebration, as people started to sing and dance, in that moment the city came to life with Irane’s name on everyone’s lips. He screamed out. As in that moment All the people ran forward, screaming and begging to be Valariyan’s. Irane looked on in horror as all 13 million suddenly wanted to join the valariyan’s camp, they all screamed out how they wanted to die for him, how they would do all that he requested pf them. They screamed out his name, and sang it out. Mira laughed in how dump-founded Irane’s face looked in that moment. As Summari would also start laughing, her voice cutely echoing through. All matters and discussion ended and the people happily grabbed each other. And celebrated. There would be plenty of time to fight tomorrow as today they would celebrate. As whole festival irrupted. As Irane laughed a bit as he even shared his stash of alchol and beer. He ensured that all had enough food, as a festive erupted. People sang as Irane decided to join along and dance with the people which shocked Mira, as Irane smiled and said: “Listen when people are celebrating, its best ot just join along until their all good and done, besides seeing how people are seeing my name out there I might as well give them as much exposure to me as needed. You should cute back a bit to Mira, Pandro. Watch over Milla and Ember to okay.” As he jumped into the city with Summri, Nighla and Dokia. As Mira looked and sighed saying how this really will affect their schedule and food ration, she saw Pandro who was already running after Irane to join in. He looked beyond excited as he had his children with him. In a moment Evelyn showed up behind Mira surprising her, as she reveals how she she choose to simply observe and help for the next 5 years, as she reveals she is a Apexian now. Mira was shocked as she question why she would do this. She laughed as she said:” Nevir… He loved 8, he wasn’t a man who wanted ot admit it but he hated that stupid ritual, He had to always watch people die and train the next group to die. He was praying for his turn to come for him to be assigned to the trail, so he could die to, but it never came. He hated how they kept him alive to train the next generation to diet. He hated what the trail was making his people do. But lately he hated how he also started to believe in 8, in that myth, He had read that Prophecy and he even thought he could be used 8 to his power. Getting Soifia and Pandro married, but what made me believe was now, how he appeared as we needed him the most. You could say I’m here to see if the city my Husband died protecting is truly a paradise, and I want to see if the man is truly the champion of legend. I want to see what else he will do.” Mira laughed as she replied: “Is that the script daddy gave you to say to get me to believe you?” He reply was direct and pressure feel in the room, Mira’s stare was intense as it made Evelyn take several steps back slowly. She felt like prey, a mouse about to killed by a pradetor. Mira looked at her she said: “I’ll be watching you closely, make sure you do all you can for our Lord Kazemi!.
Irane played with in the crowds, he danced around and sang with them all. He used his magic as a showcase to the people. The hide nothing as he made a show it all. He was enjoying the play and dedication of all the people. It moved on to night, as a many passed out from exhaustion as Irane continued to interact with those still awake, as he interacted with the whole city in that night till morning. Moving all across. Dancing with them. Singing and talking with them. He was among the people as they celebrated him. As they called to him. He listed to the songs, to the tales. There was a point though as Irane looked that he thought to himself: “Well damn me, the best and worst case scenario. All these people want to be Valariyan’s. We’ll its my own fault for being a fool bit this does put me in a problematic position. It was around midnight as people still sang and danced, as Irane started now just moving about and giving medication and looking at the various people who were suffering from illness and plagues.. Many needed urgent care, as he moved in with his abilities with Nature and Life/Death magic he also had Crono who was a phenix form and very useful for healing wounds and illness. As he did the people started doing so, cleaning up and they started to move about, cleaning up the old hospitals. As they did Irane sent out the 200 from the island to co-ordinate the people for tasks. He accepted two this was as he changed his plans. 

“Seeing as now we only have Valariyan’s with a very few Apexian’s we have no choice but to change our approach.” Irane though as he called a meeting with those he called the council of Paradise: Mira, Pandro, Evelyn, Audis, Criya, Milla and Jade. The surpise was Evelyn as Irane added: “She was recommended by Mira so of course I took it seriously.” He said as they looked at Evelyn who also looked a bit consumed. She looked at Mira who looked back at her with a devious smile. She was toying with her. But for Irane he enjoyed this. He had ordered all the people in Paradise to not talk about how he was back, and to simply address him as Lord Irane, instead of Lord kazemi, As they all agreed.. Irane laughed as he made a new rule: “Within this haul you will all address me as Irane, and we will only address each other with our first names with no honorific. This is a place where all options as set and we are all equals to speak on the direction.” He said as they all sat: Irane explained:
“In truth I am currently locked to 15% of my full strength. Iris is currently inside Milla and I will only get her back when she give birth in about 7 - 8 months.  So until then I can only use a limited amount of my true strength which works in our favour as now we have to fight and we can’t relay on me and my strength.” He smiled as he said so, making what was devastating news into a joke as Evelyn laughed as he said their were all going to die, as Irane laughed back: “You fool!” He said enthusiasm. It was strange for them, Criya, Jade and Evelyn and Audis were shocked by his demeanour he different from what they remember. He was so human and natural that it worried them, in Evelyns mind she just kept thinking about how Minia was convinced Arai ordered him to execute this plan. She was watching closely as Irane told them his plan: 
“Seeing as we have 13 million people, I took the liberty to also check the conditions and health of the people. About 500,000 of them have major internal illnesses that need serious medical attentions, and there is a Phial Plague spreading around(A mana disease that shows as rotting stone grey on the skin, it spreads as a plauge, eating the mana of its host and spreading, killing slowly, very deadly when it starts to grow within the internal organs) about 340,00 people have it in a salvageable state, but 160,000 of them have it in their organs, they are beyond saving. So we havoc 1 million who we need ot treat. Then we have about 3 million people who are injured, clipped and impaired, which causes use to also limit how we use them or train them…” Audis interrupted as he sounded annoyed and even shocked: “It sounds like your saying that they’re a burned or something Irane?” His tone was direct as Irane added: “Please, I could train a 11 with only 1 foot to kill you with 1 kick. What the hell does the number of limbs matter to me? It doesn’t the issue is how well they can you their bodies and skills in a way which I consider optimal. So I will start by dividing out forces into 3 groups as planes, squad 0 - 2. But now: 
* Squad 0: Will be formed by the elite worries and the best of the army. The best of the best initially, to attack and secure Tulla, then there he would build a school to study and train, while I also plan on learning all I can from the city to reactivate the P-Tech around and even start rebuilding with it. It is one a complete different level. Imagine having fresh water and fire at request, it was a sophisticated array network of different mana channls that passed throughout the city. Imagine a network like that of a compute or even a city pipe system set up with water, , fire, wind, earth and ice in all homes, them we can add special channels of electricity, nature and energy channels. These can be set to create defenses and supply vast mana streams to vital centres. Basically once I figure out how it works we can finally start working back to restoring and improving this city from its glory days! 
* Squad 1: Lead by Mira and supported by Audis and Jade, this will be our main offensive until. You will organise and set up all the available units and fight against the Feral and Celestials directly. We need to attack, just as much as a we need to defend. You will attack and strike them at their main points. We will push back with you at the vanguard. Mira. 
* Squad 2: This is the largest and most important squad for now: Lead by Criya and supported by Evelyn, Milla and, Pandro. It will focus on policing, training and supporting the Valariyan’s. In all truth you can say your are the police, who also trains and prepares the soldiers. You will also be support in terns of going to captured lands and setting up settlements, farms and mines as we need. We have a way to extract resources that won’t disturb nature much. It will also be a lot more effiecient. You will ensure that crops grow, and that captured territory is put to use, For the first 8 months until Urial is Born we will focus on growing and only squad 0 will be deployed with 50 000 units.

Now this means the squads 1 and 2 will be in Paradise while I set up Tulla. Now we will I can’t mark anyone as a Valariyan or a Apexian without Iris as she has Yggdrasil. So yeah. Instead we will focus on growing and securing our people, we are lucky to only have 13 million people, we have enough food in storage to feed 100 000 thousands people for 4 months at least. We will focus on growing and securing the location and setting up the base in Tulla. Healing as many people and seculatyign and treating the plague and securing it to. We need to quickly deal with those who can be saved, and do all we can for those who can’t.” He said with compassion as he added: “We don’t have the time for an easy road. Tulla is a travel throve of ancient technology. We need to save as many lives as possible.” In that moment a voice spoke from the back as Ember asked: “And pray tell what can I do to help.” She asked as she walked towards Irane, she sat at the empty seat by the right as Irane asked: “You sure you want to help?” Ember snarled as she added: “I am trapped here with you the next 12 years, until our son turns 12 so I will atleast be of use.” As Irane smiled: “Great, Mira will require your abilities on her squad.” He said cheerfully. 
He commanded them: “Understand I will not tolerate anything except 100% from all my subject, and that is what I demanded of you all. 100%. No matter how impossible the task seems, no matter how hard it is, do not give up. Put everything you have, you are, your core, your mana, your life into it. You put your very core into it all. And you do it as best as you would do it. You’re self. I will give the plan, but completing it and executing is all set on you all. So not faulted.

The plague was known to be deadly and Irane was still determined. At this time Toma revelled in the 18 million Primal who joined him, his forces were growing as he began his own plans to grow his poeople and forces. To create Breading farms. Minia’s knowledge on enhancing cores and their power from birth was invaluable as now he forcused on preparing his forces. Meantime Niro was making his preparations as well. As he was a discovery was made… 

Simon had planned how they would return to Orians and also make sure it wasn’t sus they hide in a transport train that Simon was sure the Primals would assault and attack. He was sure they would take it and in there they would find all of them as prisoners. And of course be returned. As this plan work perfectly. The last time Arai. Hope and Zoe where seen was about 20 years ago now during the assault on the Mana Academy. More over they were were all humans now. It was clear a lot had happened as all of them were taken over to meet with Lord Niro. In a council with Niro, Axola, Erza, Elorah, Tenza and Tola. They were there to see the ones who were brought up. They all were to also decide what to do with them. They were restrained in mana chains as They were brought forwards to explain themselves and what occurred with in the last 20 Years. They also found documents that showed info on Irane and also core enhancements with physical forms, it was the work Arai was working on with Minia. As it was also set up to be there as Arai would explain how they captured and forced into these humans bodies. We then were forced to assist them in their research on human’s and cores. We did alot of tests but then for the last 15 years we were imprisoned in the secret facility of the Consa house. Were sedated and used for their experiments and tests.” As she explained there was a spell running. Showing if she was telling the truth or not as it showed how all she was saying was the truth. It was now that Elorah asked: “What do you know about the being whom they refer to as 8?” As she asked a silent fell as Arai spoke: “We we involved in his creation and we know his weakness well” It was this information what Made Niro smile, it was a cold dark smile which Ezra noted: “Damn, I hate it when you smile, always creeps me out Lord Niro.” Even he though seen with an equal, viewed Niro with respect and awe. Niro asked Arai: “Pray tell, can he be defeated?” His question silenced the mourner in the room, as all were silent in anticipation to what the three would say. In a moment Arai answered: “May I be honest my lord?” She asked as Niro slowed her: “There is no conceivable way I can imagine you killing him. He is currently at his weakest due to events that occurred which lead to out escape, but still he is weak now, but that weakness is temporary. If you want to kill him, now is the time.” In that moment the advised asked Niro to consider a strike as Tenza spoke: “We must remember that Primals of Paradise have been being picked of by Ferali and Celestials.” As they all asked if hey even knew about his location and activity with all still unaware of his ware about. As Niro ordered Arai to return under the Nexal house, under the Vane’s and the Ascen, Hope ot return under the Apolo house under Elorah and the Spirit, and for Zoe to join up with the Navar clan, under the Lucerne clan of the Alma. They would select those from the the other 6 captured to join them. For now they were watched deeply under each house. It was after this event that Arai, Hope and Zoe wouldn’t make contact for years. 