Part 5: Irane Kazemi!{Anser to the who’s the 4th core}
Part 5.1: Kazemi’s Heart: Put your very core into it!

[From 8’s perspective]. He had been simply thinking as the number appeared to him: 
“Begging: Construction of the seal - Creation: Seal progress: 0% - Destruction: Resource in use 0.01% remaining, [0D.0H.35M.07S - remaining energy time]{Countdown} - Ending: Unknown(task time: 15 Years.)”
As th second command appeared to him, he felt a sharp pain in his chest as it rang in his mind: “Save Yourself!” That was what her heard from his heart, yes his heart, as the commands returned to hm: 
Objection: Complete the seal! Secondary
Objective: Save yourself!

Save yourself. No to him it was: “Put your very core into it: Save Yourself!” His heart which last told him to put everything he had into defeating Kazemi(Enari) and now it told him to save himself. He processed the command not with his mind like with Arai’s order of the seal. No as the blade of Constraint entered and pierced his heart, the mana the feelings poured into him. Their feelings, the feelings of Cai in that moment of Hope as she died and placed into constraint was for her sister to be safe. Those emotions were the command that it carried as now the order was set. 
{NO we learn:
8 put everything he got into the trail into his very being, He put his every all into himself, his mind, his heart, his emotions and also in a way his spirit. He erased himself, and all that remained was this being now. A being of cores set to live and the first set command he got from Arai was to complete her seal around him. He put his mind into it, the command was set, as was the command from Zoe, as now we learn: Zoe didn’t just now how ot create bodied like Cai’s, no she learned it from 8’s own body as she also placed a command right then, for the experience, the physical experience of creating bodies was given to her though 8, she used a core of 8 as and create the beasts class being Cai. It was this art that allowed her to make that body, the command to create flesh, and a physical form from his core. And now we learn: 
Enari - Live Kazemi! 
Zoe -  Make the ultimate body for a core and mind
Arai - Complete the Seal
Hope - Save Yourself! 

As the last 4 command he received when he was created and would complete these Task, now and all as he received Hope’s command, 8 was able to connect to all his cores now, with the children of the 2 cores of Beginning and Ending were being kept alive by Pandro, they also set their order to the core. The final missing pieces. 

As he received them of their signals at once his heart started to beat, and now his core’s mana was flowing, as Hope’s order passed his mind, save myself, as while also having her emotions to save all the people not just Cai’s wish to save Mira, but all the Primals of Paradis and all the people she cared about. That was what the order requested from him. 
}

As his mana flowed from his core and he started to regain strength, he looked at Aliya who was dying before him, he looked at her and notice the virus spreading thought out her body as she saw this, he moved in and thought of the order, as now we flash back to Aliya when she made the deal before her battle with the Alma whom’s core she would soon make her own: 
As now we see her talking with 8 about to get into the trail: 
As 8 looked at her, Aliya bowed, the mental alterations had fully taken root in her, she would offer her core to him, but she asked for something a little different, she didn’t just offer her core for a tool or beasts. No she asked if her core could simply be her core? 
This question caught 8 of guard, it was new. Even Pandro simply offered his core for the tool Grimoeir and Mira made a deal for Constraint, but that was more than that. Even Criya and Valariya never asked for their cores to become his cores. we see 8 smile at Aliya, well that is interesting, I think I would love to have your core be one of my cores. Thank you Aliya, we have a deal. Your core will be my core it is that simple. 
As we cut back to 8 roaring, as his body s fully healed standing over Aliya’s corpse with her blood dripping from his mouth. He looked more like dragon than a man now, but he still was the same size as a man. He had what seemed like 6 horns now instead of his normal 2, and he had 2 sets of wings, now instead of his typical 1 pair. It was as though he was a demon, a fully manifested demon. 
Mira looked at 8 as he pulled Constraint from his chest, his blood dripping from it as the wound it had caused closed, now Mira was even more shocked as chains seemed to erupt from Constrains hilt, spreading around 8, as he poured his emotions into the tool. But it wasn’t normal no as Mira would note how the chains seemed to be wrapping around his mana, not his body as what seemed like a mass of energy and mana was forming, as the chains wrapped around it, binding on it, Mira would now bear witness to the birth of the Kazemi class beasts: Emo, it was a mass of mana as 8’s emotions poured into him, it was as though Constraint was forming these chains just to keep the energy of his current emotions set as Emo was born. And what form would this great beast take, he would take the form of a shodow like black wolf, if fur looked like the streaks of solid shadow like hairs spreading all over, he was dark with pure red eyes. Absolute blood red as he stood with chains all over him, as 8 stood under the massive mana beasts. It was clear now, that was his hatred made manifest, and they would all experince it, as he moved in absolute fury as the dark beast spread like a shadow. 

8 moved now not like a man, but a raging animal. As he boomed past them and crashed righting into the Minia forces as Emo came through and started ripping and shredding through them, as 8 moved with Constarnt, he was a like a storm of pure death, blood and bodied parts were flying as he seemed to move through the whole room, In that moment, Valaraiya created a barrier with her kazemi tool: Yggdrasil, as a golden glowing tree appeared around the and a shield manifest covering Hersel,f, Mira, Dio, Leo, Simon, Milla, Assa and Rui. She kept the barrier up out of pure fear as 8 moved around them, he was pure darkness now. The screams of the soldieries and the horror of his cries of hatred were deep, his mana was all over the room and it felt like he was going to kill them all. As one solder tried to attack from behind, Emo cam through and ripped in half, throwing the 2 half onto people, as 8 would attack a soldiers, first cutin gather arm of with Constrain, moving back and slashing the man behind him’s eyes out making him scream in agony for a second bofore 8 would move his tail and ripped the 2 apart at once, he beat his wings and moved in blinding speed throughout th facility as he lunged with Emo and Constraint towards Saren, as Emo would grab his leg and rip it off him and before 8 could land the killing blow, more soldiers came in and attacked him, more and more soldiers entered as he turned them all to mince with Emo, and the black streaming blade of Constrain flowing with the Life/Death-Time energy of it all it was dark as it slashed through them all, as he moved and destroyed everything around him. Mira would note him as hatred personified, as the ultimate embodiment of taming and using your emotions, as she also asked what kind of hell did Minia put him through for him to rage like… this, Blood and bodied pooled everywhere as Assa would cower in fear into he arms of Simon, she could watch as Dio and Loe looked on in pure fear, they couldn’t move, they didn’t dare try, even Milla looked on unable to comprehend as all the bodies, all the blood washed against Valariya shield, but Valariaya  wasn’t focused on that, no she was only looking at her sisters motionless, lifeless body, and Simon, well he was smiling, smiling at the pure brutality of it , no in that moment it was Aevum who smiled, as this was the first time Simon(Aevum) would bare witness to 8 fight and he was in awe, admiration for a weapon that could do all this, his power was real, as she watched at how 8 was systematically moving and destroying all the guards. 
But his simle would immediately turn ro shock as 8 broke through Valariya’s shield was distracted looking at Aliya’s body, the blade pierces someone as the sharp point o Constraint was about to pierce his head, he would back in shock as Mira had stepped in to stop 8, she moved with no hesitation to save him, as now she was face to face with 8, who’s hatred and mana where being overwhelming, it was too much. As she felt her tool Constraint in her stomach, the chains from it started wrapping around her as she felt it 8’s hatred for Minia , but it wasn’t just his hatred, but it also had Arai, Hope and Zoe’s hatred for Minia all wrapped in as well, It was clear now he was acting based on all that as she pulled all his emotions into her as she did Emo moved in and stood over them both, he looked at her with a stare terrifying enough to bring a person to tears in fear. Ss she felt it, and she though again back to when she controlled her emotions back at Heaven, how 8 gave her constraint to control and use her emotions, now she thought of that little girl again, as she pushed through and pulled all of 8’s emotions flowing through Constraint into her, she poured it all into her self. It was intense, far too intense to describe as in a moment 8 eyes widened as he looked at Mira. He let the blade go as she stepped back, he stood direct looking at her eye to eye. His eyes seemed to still have that hatred all over them as fell, Emo moved to support her, as the blade moved from her piercing her, to her hand. Mira leaned in on Emo, who was not on her left side helping her stand, it was strange to her, how a being, a beats of pure hatred and mana could be this gentle as she noted how soft and fluffy the beast fur felt like. 
8 looked at them all, Simon was still trying to re gather himself, he had nearly died, if it wasn’t for Mira he would have died as now he looked at Mira and asked if she was okay, she needed to get treated for the blade wound as he panacea, as they all panicked, Mira simply told them: 
“Relax, it’s not possible to a person tool or beats to be used to injure their users. Yes Constraint is a weapon made 8 himself, forced by what it seems his blood and flesh, it can’t hurt me cause it was made for me, what hurt me was pulling all his hatred into myself, well to be honest it better to say I poured just a bit of it into myself, and that’s why I’m like this now” 

8 didn’t move for a moment, as Mira looked at his eyes again. It was as though they were talking in pure silence, as he moved back and walked towards the door, he didn’t speak, no not at all as he rushed out of the room. As Mira spoke t them: 
“Listen up we need to go and get all the prisoners out, all the captured soldiers and test subjects, we need to be quick about it to before Minia returns. All the guards will be drawn to him, while they go after him, well take the chance to save them all!” As she said this Valariya seemed to be walking towards Aliya’s body, as she cried being pulled by Milla who slapped her to return to reality as she told her: “I know it hurts, I lost my family to, but we need to go Vala. I don’t think Aliya would like the idea of you dying so please lets go.” She pleaded as she agreed and they all ran out of the room as Simon asked Mira, if he knew where he was going, as she simply replied: “He wen’t to go get his Core!” As we see 8 moving through the facility walking to the medical area in the west wing, he was killing all the soldiers and guards that appeared, to intercept him. It was a storm of destruction as a wake of nothing but blood stains and body parts were left all over, it was clear that nothing was going to stop him as they all came to him and turned into a dust of blood: WInd blade, flaming claws, Streams of water crashing and ripping people apart. He felt like a walking calamity in the halls.

Mira’s group was moving fast to free everyone in the cells, there little to no guards as most were alert to the escape of 8. Now Minia got the report of the events in the facility on how 8 was moving and killing everyone as she asked where Pandro was and being told he was in the medical bay where they had the 2 children’s corpses place, note that Dokia’s body is also here in status. Pandro had been studying for years on how to wake her up, she had been a baby in status for the past 15 years. 


Zoe has been awake, the whole time, in a state of suspended animation, as she body started to deteriorate, unlike Arai and Hope, she feels the genuine experinces of 8’s body, the damage, the reconstruction, the evolution. She physically experienced that, for the last 15 years her body was losing mass, as she was in all reality in a state of a cancerous state, she body was eating itself. While the nature command core was doing alot of work to keep her body alive, no though it was about to lose all its mana, she stared at the wall, as she couldn’t move, well and Minia made sure she couldn’t move again after the last time she struck her. She was bound and unable to move, well, not like she was going to be able to move anyways, as she opened her eyes to the sound of battle. It was a superseding sound as she listened and heard the screams and explosions. She listen until there was nothing but silence, it was strange as she heard what seemed like footsteps moving to where she was, she wasn’t hopeful it was a rescue, she had long given up on the idea of being free, she was ready to die as a figure appeared infront of her rooms door, She noticed the wings and horns, the last time she had seen that frame was about 15 years ago now, when 8 was created all those years ago, as she looked and noticed how different he seemed from than, well it had been 15 years, and for her 10 years since she gave the body of Cai to Arai. She wasn’t sure what was going on. She was in a lucid state on the verge of death she spoke: “Are you death?” As 8 simply stood there in a long silence, his eyes weren’t fully visible to her, but now from 8 he looked at her as though he finally found what he was looking for in the last 15 years, since Arai ordered him he saw her and stood in a shocked awe. As his eyes bared witness to her core, and her dying body. He moved in closer, it was strange to Zoe as 8’s clawed hand reached to her face she felt the claws against her face and how sharp and strong they felt, as his hand also brushed her check. It was gentle in a soft way as she leaned in and kissed her. 

The kiss was long as Zoe’s eyes widened at what was going on, she felt he body removing, her mana felt like it was flowing back, no it was more than that, As she felt it, as though her body had regained something it had lost a long time ago, she felt her life/death mana return to body, as 8 was rising her, he was in a way altering the core in her to be perfect to her body. It was him altering the command core which only had nature on it, to also have life/death mana again. No it was more then that it was as if the core was being updated, It was more than her original core, it felt as though her body was flowing will all 15 cores, but it felt like her core now, with so much more, As 8 moved back and Zoe’s hair had a dark green glow to it, as her body and vies seemed to be different. He body was in a ways better as she stood up and flexed, she could move, and her body didn’t feel like it was consuming itself anymore, she jumped in an excited manner, as she looked properly now at 8 as she jumped on him in joy and excitment at being healed and kissed him in pure joy, as she pulled away, he looked at her with as though suprised and confused by her actions. She looked back at him with a glow of happeness, as a number of guards appeared from the right of them. 8 simple raised his arm and a massive fire dragon appeared and burnt them all in a instant. Zoe looked shocked as she said: “Well that was overkill don’t you think?” 8 simply looked at her still looking confused as he moved on, Zoe waled behind him as she stretched and enjoyed being able to move as they arrived at the room hosting Hope. 

Now she was completely unconscious as 8 moved in and kissed her too, her previous black air turned blood red as he moved back, Zoe noticed the heart monitor which showed how Hope having a strange heartbeat before, now her heart beat was steady, but she didn’t wake up, 8 looked at Zoe as she realised that he wanted her to carry her, now as she grabbed her she asked if it was safe to removed all the machines that were attached ot Hope to help her heart. 8 simply moved his wing as a large gust of wind destroyed all the machines. 
As Zoe noted: “Well I’ll take that as it’s safe to remove them, I guess.” As she moved Hope’s unconscious body into her back and carried her. They moved through the lab killing, as 8 was leading and killing all those whom crossed their path, as Zoe noted, we are moving to Arai’s room, which was lot more secure due to Minia’s obsession. As they would arrive, 8 broke through the reinforced and mana reinforced sealed door. As they looked Arai was in a bed with her eyes open with tears streaming down, no Arai was conscious with Minia having opened her eyes and made them stay open, its was cruel but she wanted to in her words: “Look at those beautiful blue eyes as she we speak and I tell you all about 8!” As 8 moved in and removed the binds forcing her eyes open, and just like Hope and Zoe, he moved in to kiss her as he did and moved back, Arai’s hair turned what seems blue as she would after a minute of silence scream in shock as she opened her eyes. She screamed at seeing 8’s face, at seeing all his hatred, this whole time she had experienced 8’s hatred and pain as well as Minia’s love and obsession because of the cores that were in Minia sending that experince to Arai’s mind while Minia was telling her all the horrors 8 expericed. She felt it all. 
The Malicious chaotic pure Joy of Minia and The growing Static Hatred of 8. She had been feeling it all in the past 5 years. And she looked at 8 crying asking in hysteria: “Have you finally come to kill me for all I did to you?” She asked while crying as she thought of all she did, all this men, this being went through because of her order, because he though he was surviving her and her will. She said it in her mind, that his mind only had the order to Love Arai Kazemi!, it was clear that she was in a deep unhinge state, as she started to hyperventilate thinking about it, she was crying and screaming begging for forgiveness. The feeling of finally being able to move again, even the lost of pain her body being gone wasn’t something she registered. 

8 simply looked down at 8 as she begged and he grabbed her again and kissed her. This act made Arai freeze in confusion, she wasn’t sure what was going on as he pulled away and looked at her, she froze while looking at him in confusion. As he pulled her from the ground and placed her on his back. He wrapped the 2 new lower wings around her to secure her and make sure his arms were free. As they walked out that room, Arai would still be stiunned but what stunned her the most was the blissful sensation bing on his back gave her, as she noticed Zoe with Hope on her back, she cried and looked away from them as though in shame. Sh couldn’t look them in the eye after all she had put them through, she blamed herself for all of this as  8 moved quickly while Zoe followed him closely, even Zoe found Arai behave strange but understandable as she also wasn’t sure what to even say to her, it was hard to process, but Zoe’s thought of what to say to Arai. As 8 stepped into a room. 
Pnadro was flowing his very being into the bodies of the 2 babies on the table, he was saying the words: “For Lord Kazemi!” As though he was chanting it, over and over and over. It was an unsettling sight as Arai noted how he was killing himself as 8 moved in and broke the spelll separating Pandro from the 2 infants. Pandro hit the wall in shock and confusion as his body seemed to be vanishing, as 8 seemed to pull out the Grimoire from what seemed out of no where as 8 looked at him. He moved his hand over Pandro as he opened the book and closed it, as he did Pandro’s body stopped turing to energy, but he looked as though he was 13 now, he was in a child like body, no it wad him when he was 13, as all the additional mass of his body was given away by him to the twins. 
8 stared at them for a moment, bofore extending a 3 pair of wings from under his arms, they moved and wrapped the infants completely as though putting them in a cocoon like state and moved them to lie right under his pits. They seem complete as Pandro would cry as he looked at 8, he didn’t even care he was a child again, no he had prepared himself to die for his children and now stood, living and breathing, even ‘sparing’ him from death from his own understanding. 

As 8 completed wrapping his children he moved to see Zoe who was standing over the body of the baby Dokia as she spoke: “You know I never thought your still be like this, I know you aren’t Sith, I know you aren’t my master, you have her core as she gave up and died, I know that but you know she called you Dokia, she prayed you would like, she named you after her unborn child as she was forced into you little Dokia, I wish you would be okay, I really wish you would live. 

As she said this she noticed 8’s hand moving based her face as Pandro, Zoe and Arai would look in horror as 8 would pierce the chest of the infant Dokia, killing it right in-front of Zoe. As he pulled his hand out of Dokia’s chest he would in what seemed like a motion of disguise eat a piece of flesh from the infants body, even licking his hands of the babies blood of as though licking his hands clean. It looked monstrous ot Zoe as his clawed hand and long tongue make him seem like a monster who just ate a child. She looked in horror at 8. She was confused as she screamed at him:”Why did you do that, why would kill her you monster!” 8 simply looked at her as Zoe struck him, it was with enough force to make him bleed, a sight that shocked Pandro and Arai as she would hit him again and again and again. He didn’t even try to dodge or move,  as Arai who was still on his back screamed at her to stop and to think: 
“Dokia was never alive, she had always been in a state of life and death. Sith is gone and th child was never alive, she was never alive, and you know that Zoe, you know because you felt it, there was no death force or life force flowing in her since that day we were put in these bodied, Dokia was never alive so stop and focus, we need to get out of here before Minia comes back.” 

Zoe throw one last punch at 8 as he would start bleeding from the point where she punched him, he simply stared at her with no real emotion. He moved to wipe the blood off but his cuts, bruises and open wounds from Zoe strikes didn’t heal at all, not a bit as Arai noticed this, but she felt it, his heart was beating now, she noticed this from the moment he placed her on his back, a pulse though his body. As she noted how he never had a pulse when he was still under Minia’s control, and how that unnerved her, especially when he spoke with the emotions expression ot people as the champion/emperor. It unsettled her alot but now it was the opposite, she felt the warmth and pull of his heart now but his face was emotionless. It made her feel sad and a bit guilty. As 8 would move and even gesture to Pandro to follow them. He looked right at Pandro’s eyes when he gestured, as she jumped up in joy gripping his tool Grimoire and following behind them. 
Zoe looked pissed and sad at what had happened, even Arai seemed angry now, as Pandro noted how it felt like it did 15 years ago, when he was still studying under all of them and Minia. It was a nostalgic feeling that felt good to him as he asked in his mind if 8 was enhancing and effecting his core. As he thought of how Sofia would now smile and how he would be able to introduce his children to 8 again. He had never once shown 8 his children. He wanted to return to the old traditions and now he was happy and excited. As 8 would lead the way, killing any and all guards who came at them, he destroyed them outright, as he stoped at the generator room, He entered the room and seem to temper within the room, Pandro and Arai weren’t sure what he was doing as Zoe was now scouring at him. 

As they moved on from there they met up with Mira’s group who were now a full 200 total. With Ember who was sleeping under sedation was with them. They had many children, many. Most of the group was children with about 10 people who seemed to be above 20 years old. As Valariya would also stare at 8 with now pure anger and hatred for killing her sister. It was pure rage that even Leo and Dio noticed, they were also angry. As Milla placed her hand on Valariya’s shoulder telling her to focus. She took a breath as she whispered under her breath something that only Milla and Leo heard:”I will kill you for what you did to my sister, you monster!” Milla was stunned by this statement while Leo looked on at 8 as though he was now determined. As 8 would save them all from a large group of guards who had cornered them. Mira was in bad shape still unable to do much. 
As 8 appeared and killed every single on of the guards, he tore right through them effortlessly. As Mira would stare as Zoe in intense joy even walking towards her to check on her sister, as Zoe would smile slightly stating that her heart beat is normal and she is breathing with no real issue. Mira teared up a bit with relief as Simon would state how they couldn’t take the front door anymore as the reinforcements from Limbo had arrived. 8 would waked past him and place his left hand on the wall. As they all watched as black marks spread all over the wall: Kazemi’s Art: “Destruction of all things!” It seemed as though all that those black marks touched came apart into dust as 8 would create a massive whole in the side of the wall. A wall section which was part of the mountain facility they were part of of as 8 moved on creating a massive tunnel. Now Assa and Milla would close up the whole as they moved with Roots and black treads, making sure it would be impossible for anyone to come through easily. 

Now as they moved through into the snowy mountain, Valariya would notice how many of them didn’t have the proper cloths to be traveling into the snow in as they moved in Valariya cast a mana though around them, keeping them warm, a sight that made Arai whisper:”You really are a kind child Valariya.” This would only be heard by 8 who now was carrying 2 other people now on his 2 arms, they had leg injuries and could move properly, he simply grabbed them as to not slow down. Pandro was in the back of the who group watching their backs. It was his suggestion as 8 would allow it. Pandro seemed like a child as she volunteered, a sight which annoyed Dio and Valariya. After all he was a person who had in all right been their enemies as she would laugh and smile on about the emperors children as he would make it dead clear to them: “I don’t give a damn about you or the Primals of the Humans, I truly couldn’t care less. I serve my lord Kazemi. I aligned with my sister to safe guard his majesties heirs, plain and simple!” This made Dio annoyed even more, while Valariya stepped back. 

Now as they moved a shipped would pass and a large sphere would drop behind them, as they moved through the high snowy mountain terrain. It was the same kind of explosion that Nevir died to a level 8 cluster pulse bomb. It was an intense bust of mana that melted the snow all around the area melt aways and be blown away. They all looked in awe and confusion as they saw Pandro casting a barrier with all he had, his body was now again energy form as he would seem as though he was fading as he looked back as Dio smiling as he said: “For Kazemi, now run you fool!” As he did all he could to protect them, he woukd now sacrifice himself for them. As he did as he started to lose consciousness he felt a deep sharp pain in his lower left abdomen as he would see 8’s hand piercing through him a sight many did see as they ran, only Dio and Valariya and Arai saw as 8 would pull his hand out and eat the chunk of flesh he just tore of Pandro as a predator, no correct Valariya, he was like an opportunity, like stacker who hunts and is eating the weak, Almost like he hate Aliya, Dokia and Pandro like they’re weak. She noted as he moved back and ran with them. 

8 moved as tide moving around as a number of ships and carries appeared in the sky as the forces of Minia started firing down at them, doing all they could to kill them, but moved through the sky. He through the two he had been carrying into Leo and DIo’s arms as he moved carrying Arai though the sky destroying and protecting the people. As they all ran to the mount age where 8 was leading them. They all ran under the heat and explosion of fire and bullets. mana was exploding all around them, as they all watched 8 bring down plain after plain. Even a ground force appeared which Zoe destroyed. She moved like a monster as 8 would dive in and join her, they moved and killed everyone in their paths. Arai noticed how 8 seemed to be exhausted, even noticing how his heart was beating faster and faster, but even stranger, his body didn’t release more mana, it seemed as though his mana was now preoccupied with a different takes. As she moved in and struct, as the all moved Minia appeared in her plain looking down at all of them, Arai looked at Minia with pure unfiltered rage as Minia looked down at her conscious old friend, laughing as screamed: 
“8, kill them all and return to me!” 8 didn’t react to her at all, her control spell wasn’t working on her as she kept ordering over and over, until she ordered them to simply drop all the weapons and bombs they had. As 8 would force all of to jump of the side of the mountain, it was an unbelivable long drop as 8 would fly with all his might to reach the frozen water first. While he was all the 200 escaped prisoners all jumped over as Minia and some of her plan would start pick them of one by one in the air. She would even manage to capture Mira by herself: “Well look what I have, the pathetic little general, that is what they called you, you aren’t leaving, none of you are leaving me are we clear Mira!” As this all unfloded a large glow erupted from the sound as 15 different dragons appeared streaming from the water, as they all moved through the air, they each cough and capture all the people falling down and destroying the plains as 8 screwed from the eater: It was KAzemi;s Art: Rampage of the 15 dragons, but now they were ripping through the air, consuming all the falling people as Arai would notices how it seemed like 8 was being strained by something. As she noted what he did. All this time, Now he looked completely exuhasted while screaming and flowing his mana. It was as if he was multitasking with his mana, as she noted. He pushed forwards to get Mira, but Minia’s plan moved out of range for his dragons to reach as Mira screamed for them to leave her, and how her life didn’t matter, these words echoed to 8, as she looked at her crying face. He gripped his teeth as he charged what seem like his main core within his very flesh, he pulled all the mana in his mouth as Arai’e eyes widened by what seemed like his core was in his mouth: Kazemi’s Ascendent Art: Dragon’s Creation{Space-Time-Life/Death aligned spell that fires off his main core and allowed it function independently form the main body for a moment, it is all regards an impossible art} as the mana and the energy and 8 condensed all 15 dragon’s into one and fired it at Minia’s plain, she warned the pilot who muanuvered dodge and avoid that attack colliding with the plane as Minia and smile as she mocked Mira, telling here how useless she truly, even how her life didn’t matter, it mattered to no one at all, as she said that, the initial blast from 8 exploded and divided into what seemed initially as 15 new projectiles aimed right at them as the pilot would avoid all but 3 which tore the roof and a piece of the planes side, but they were still flying a what seemed like a 16’s one came flying right towards Minia’s chest as she noticed and saw it was a dragon like energy beam, as she moved to avoid it, it rippled past her, injury her hand which was holding onto Mira, as now nothing remained there but a massive whole in Mira’s chest, the blasts tore right through her, and injuring Minia’s right arm, and hand. As she looked at Mira’s corspe fall from the plane she would also note how that 16th beam seemed to have a gueine core inside it as she though how impossible that would be but also she watched as it retuned back to the same spot as it erupted from, from 8’s mouth. 

Arai noticed how that whole time his body didn’t move at all. He rorared as his body would turn into the massive true dragon form, in a mana state which consumed all 200 of them and pulled them fast through the water, diving in. As Minia saw this she ordered all her forces to prepare themselves and track them, as she did the reactor exploded as 8 thought back to what he did in the generator room: Energy Art: “Rampaging energy flow” as he did a massive explosion shock the whole mountain, spreading tons of rock and ice into the sky, the facility and the last of her man were all gone as Minia looked in horror as all she had been holding onto: 8, Arai, her lab and her ‘children; she had lost them all completely that die, she laughed, all she could do was laugh at it all, she had nothing anymore

As 8 moved through the sea, it had seemed as though they had been moving trapped in 8’s mana dragon form for 2 hours now, as they all squirmed titghtly packed together moving though the pitch bald ocean floor. As after a Long long time of that uncomfortable packaging in 8, they started to see light from above as 8 seemed to surfacing, his mana dragon form started to disipate as they all started to swim towards the waters surface, they were close as they noticed a close by island nearby, it was clear 8 was moving to this island, to this place, they were near south poll between Afrika and Australia, it seemed to be an uninhabited island with a massive mountain on it. It was a large island. As they all swam towards it, as they made landfall it became clear to everyone… they were safe, they were all safe. As they took as deep breaths as they could after the long swim to shore, as they all tried to catch their breath they watched 8 pull out from the water, he seemed to be pulling a large net filled with fish and sea life, as she pulled it in Arai dropped from his back. They all looked in awe as at him, he seemed exhausted, beyond exhausted in fact his wings weren’t upright, they were dragging behind him on the ground along side his tail. He wasn’t walking properly, it seemed each step took more then the energy he had to move. He moved roughly as they all watched him walk past them. They stared in silence and confusion as he walked into the islands forest and seemed to vanish among the trees. 

As they all looked on, Valariya started crying, she cried out loud as though she had been trying her best to hold in, as Milla grabbed and hugged her, she had been holding in the pain, the fury, all of it from Aliya’s death, she had held it in as she cried. At this sight Arai simply stared to wards the ground she couldn’t speak, sh couldn’t move, she couldn’t do anything, As she looked on. They all seemed to gather around each other embracing each others. 


Part 5.2: Kazemi’s Body: Never give up!

They had been now on the island for a whole week after escaping from Minia’s lab. It was hard to move out from there. No one knew where they could go. The only place they could go to was the city of ‘Paradise’ but returning to Limbo was going to prove difficult in their current situation. The main gate they used to travel between Earth and Limbo was in the facility that they had just destroyed. Now there were others but they were under Toma’s control over who could use them. In a way they were trapped on Earth for the time being, hoping that Criya was okay holding down the fort and leading the Primals of Paradise. Now Simon had been leading everyone for the time, ensuring that everyone had food and shelteer. Ever organising people based on roles and jobs. He was in a way the only one with enough survival experience and also the oldest and most knowledgeable. Arai was quiet, moving only bit to help heal most of the people. She seemed to keep her distance from everyone. With people like Valariya and Milla going close and trying to speak to her. It was on this day that Leo overheard Valariya crying again with Milla with her. He had heard her back as they were escaping on how she wanted 8 dead for what he did. He noted how weak he looked and how this would in a way win him Valariya’s heart as he would ask Dio about how to track and kill 8. Dio looked at him as though he was insane: 
“Kill him, why would you even think of killing him?” Dio asked Leo confused, as Leo would reply: “he killed and ate Aliya and Pandro, I even heard he killed a baby and even killed Mira too, all four of them were killed and he ate them, you saw how he killed Pandro, the way he simply moved and ate a whole chunk of his stomach while he was protecting us. What if will happened when he decides to kill us all?” Leo’s argument was fair, but even Dio knew, that killing him wasn’t the right move as he told Leo no, he wouldn’t help him. Valariya needed them, the people needed them. Trying to find 8 was no matter at the moment. As Dio said that he left, going to the loud commotion from the small settlement of clay huts they built for shelter. As Dio went over Leo moved alone, as his mana flowed and his Alma beast bared its fangs as Leo asked it to track and hunt 8’s scent. 

As Dio arrived in the village, he heard how Zoe was crying and screaming in excitement as Hope had finally regained consciousness, as Zoe was overjoyed, it had been nearly 15 years since last they properly spoke. Arai still keeping her distance stilled in relief at this. Only Milla noticed how she was smiled at the news. Hope was still a bit confused as they all gathered around her. Simon welcomed her back: 
“So this is your real face oh lady Cai!” He said with a massive smile on his face, As hope looked at him in a bit of annoyed joy: “Well its good to finally see you, see you all with my own 2 eyes as she slowly got up and looked at them, she asked simply where Mira was, as they all passed uncomfortable as they told her, she died, they told her how the mission when after her body, Cai had died and her core placed in Constraint, Mira looked as Valariya had a saddened expression. She even noticed how Arai seemed to show sadness across her face while being the trees. She listen as was confused as they told her how he killed Aliya and Dokai, how he killed Pandro and ultimately how he killed Mira while Minia was holding her hostage. As she heard this she seemed extremely confused by it all as she spoke: 
“Really, but I can still feel Mira, I can feel her, as placed her hand over her heart, as a tear feel down, I know I can feel it, I know I can feel them, I can feel her. I know I can, I know it.” The words and tears made everyone seem confused as Arai spoke up from afar. I think we need to find 8 and well know the truth, I can’t understand why he would just kill and eat their flesh with no real reason, even if what you all described as him being filled with pure white dark ‘hatred’ he isn’t a being of just emotion, he uses his emotions as a tool, they don’t use him. All his action have meaning.” As she said this Dio though to what Leo told him as he ran into he forest. They all looked on at him simply running and stared at each other in confusion. They moved and followed him. 

As this all happened Leo with his Alma beast had tracked 8 to deep within the forest. He was lying down, covered by his wings. He wasn’t moving, and it was clear by the vegetation around him, that he had been in that position for some time. Leo was sure that he was dead, no being doesn’t move for long period of time without being injured, as he pulled out a blade, it was clear he would do it, as he though about how this, how 8’s death would make Valariya smile, and how she would be over joyed, or even in-love with him, for killing the master that killed her sister. He even went  further as he remembered how 8 killed their parents and all the adults in the village. He thought back to it all. As he said: “Z is nothing more than broken man, made monster, he is dead and now I will avenge us all,” as he leapt in and was about to stab 8 when Dio showed up and booked his strike. Both of their mana flowed and clashed against each other. It was a sudden intense clash that created a shock wave that blow dust and earth into the air. As Dio stood right between Leo and 8, he looked at him and said simply: “Don’t try it Leo!” IN rage Leo screamed at Dio, telling him how he was protecting the monster that killed his mother, and how he was a weak fool. As he said this he moved in and manifest his beast fully as Dio responded by drawing our his Celestial Tool, they began to fight as some blood was spilled between them. As Loe got the upper hand was about to land a fatal blow, Valariya showed up and placed her body in the way. Leo was inclines from killing Valariya as a massive bolt of Lighting crashed into him and pushed him back, stunning him. As Valariya looked on at Arai who had stepped in with her lighting magic. It was simple paralysis spell but the speed of it was shoking. Soon Hope, Zoe, Simon, Milla, Assa and Rui all appeared at their spot, They all tried to talk to Leo, trying to talk stop him from attacking still, as Dio would get up and curse Loe in rage, calling him a emotional battered, a fool who thinks with his heart instead of his brain, as he even continued stating that: 
“Even if you used your walnut sized brain, he still wouldn’t make proper choice, your nothing but a. Fool, an idiot and cat brained feline!” He was angry, not cause of the fight but how he dared to talk about his mother. They were all suddenly stopped by 8 who hadn’t even budged this whole time. He moved as though trying to stand up. Dio was right infront of his with Valaraiy as he grabbed her and moved back. They all paused watching 8 move sluggishly. Zoe looked on in anger at him, she was still angry at him, disgusted by him even for killing Dokia.

He struggled to move as set up looking up at all of them, he seemed uninterested in them all, as he went back to lying down. He was quite as his eyes were fixed on Hope, he looked at her from the ground. In reality this was her first time seeming him. As she looked at him. Their eyes met as after some time, she seemed to say the words: “Mira?” As she said it 8 moved his wings revealing his stomach which seemed to have 4 organising orbs growing from him. They seemed like in Zoe’s own discriptions, tumours. As she looked even closer she realised that she sensed the mana of Sith’s core from on of the Bulges, As Valariya and Mira also looked in shock as tears streamed down her face, they sensed the mana of Aliya and Mira coming from the 2 other bulges, They were confused as Ara stepped forward, She approach 8 with no fear as she examined his body and said: “There’s no doubt about it, these are Aliya’s, Mira’s, Pandro’s and Dokia’s cores, its their mana flowing within.” As she noticed how it seemed his body was a lot thinner. He looked almost like a skeleton from his legs and arms, even his face seemed to be nothing but skin and bone to her now. 
Arai stood up and moved back:”He’s dying!” His body, he seemed ot be doing the same Pandro was doing to the twins back in the lab, altering his mana and flesh into flesh for their bodies. But unlike him, it seems he needed to start from scratch, not only that he was also doing it for the 2 baby cores, still flowing his mana to them, who were on his sides wrapped. He was keeping them all alive. All 6 of them. It was purely impossible. No he shouldn’t have been able to do it. Why, why was he killing himself to do this, for what reason. As Zoe tightened her fist, she realised better then anyone as she approached 8 and placed her hand on his body, as she said: “I’m sorry, I’m so sorry, you were… you were trying to save them, to save us all, I’m so sorry!” As the tears flowed down she looked at him and said: “Your dying cause your body was never built to create bodies, you are at your core a man after all. You can easily make cells and cores, but you body was never made to host humans, to hold a life, so you why not place them inside me, my body can handle it, I’m sure of it, I know I can hold all 6.” At his Hope yelled out: “Are you insane, no matter how much you want to do that, it would be impossible even for you, a female body can only hope to produce 3 children at max before we can’t have any more, we functionally can’t support or have more than 3. There are extreme cases of people having 4 children, but that is rare, it is far to rare, you would die!” As she said this she smiled as she replied:”I know, but after all he did, I can’t simply watch him die without even trying to help him, at least this was all 6 of them might live.” As she conceded and told 8: Do it place them inside my body. Valariya stepped up and asked, why don’t I just take my sisters core, I can do that, he can place her core inside me, and that would work. As they spoke 8 looked at Zoe, who had glassy eyes from the tears storing up in her eyes. He seemed to struggle to get up as Zoe would crouch further and support him, as he did he grabbed her and wrapped his wings around them. No one could see of hear what was going on within that make shift shell he made. As a moment passed he opened his wings and stood up, Zoe was on the ground unconscious. She wasn’t moving now, as 8 moved slowly towards Hope. Hope looked a bit confused and scared. She wasn’t; sure what was about to happen as she closed her eyes from 8 moving his hand to her face, she stared at him, he didn’t move closer now, as she looked she realised she needed to move closer, she needed to go to him, to give him permission, that step forward or backwards. She clenched her jaw and took a step forward, now face to face with 8, as he wrapped his wings around them just like he had done. In what seemed like a long few minutes, his wings opened up. Hope was now lying on the ground unconscious. She seemed out cold. As 8 moved now, his steps still slow, he moved to Valariya who was terrified and confused, but she seemed determined, as he stood before her, she was ready, she was scared but ready. As 8 extended her hand to her face, Leo would scream out:”No!” As 8 simply pushed Valariya out of the way. She was blocking his path to Arai, as he moved now to her. 
She simply stared at him confused. She thought back, as she realised now, what it was he was doing. It was biology to him, to simply sleep with a woman and place those cores in them At this point she could sense only 2 cores remaining within him, but she couldn’t tell which ones they were. She dreaded the whole situation, the whole moment of it all. As he stood before her, she seemed like she wanted to move back, to take a step back, as she remember what he did to Ember, and the fear of when Minia ordered him to sleep with her when she was Cai. She thought back to how she disposed the idea of being pregnant. How it was the absolute last thing she wanted. But she looked at him, and thought back, this was a choice, she didn’t know anything and she was simply scared. But still even with that fear, she forced her leg to step forward. Valariya and Milla noticed how terrified she looked, it seemed as though she was frozen in pure fear at what was about to happened. As 8 just stared at her. It was strange, he didn’t immediately wrap his wings around her like Hope and Zoe, no he simply looked at her. Arai had closed her eyes, waiting for him to do what he wanted. But after some time she opened her eyes as 8’s lips met with her. He kissed her and moved back, Arai’s eyes were now wide open in confusion as she touched her lips as he moved back:”Why?” As she asked his wings suddenly enveloped her, now no one could see them. 
A few minutes passed as his wings slowly opened up as Arai was now on the ground unconscious. She wasn’t moving. As 8 moved back, he simply stepped back and walked into the forest. As Zoe in a mumble said: “Make sure your body is okay!” As she closed her eyes again, he looked back at her as she said this and turned back to walk into the forest. He walked back into the forest. As Assa, Dio, Leo. Milla, Rui and, Simon just watched him walk of, they all carried the unconscious bodies of Arai, Hope and Zoe back to the village. As they arrived back, everyone asked them what happened, they weren’t really sure how to explain it. 
One one of the elders referred to as Gran-Gran(Earth; harmonic-darkness core alignment)(Real name: Gil Moon), she had a missing leg and was one of the people 8 had carried in his arms when they left the facility. It was clear to her, she was a midwife for the Consa clan, she was impressions as Minia saw her as useless for not being able to identify why her children where taking so long to develop within her. Minia even removed her leg in order to punish her for her ignorance. 
Now Gran was a quiet old, she was a Human-Primal and was checking on Arai, Hope and Zoe. It took only a few hours later into the night that each of them started to wake up, one after the other, stating with Zoe, than Hope and finally Arai. She checked on them as Valariya asked if they were okay the core, the children with each of them. 
She looked at her and the others gathered in the room (Simon, Milla, Leo, Dio, Assa and, Rui) as she explained a very simple fact to them, the birds and the bees as she called it: “All cores come from the pillars, the pillars that offer mana to all. This is a fact, it is absolute. But there is a limit. A core is in truth a vessel, it is what holds a person very essence, their life force, their death force and as a result it is consciousness also within the core. We are all in a sense all bound to our cores and they are bound to use. No core can be destroyed and all cores, all mana comes from the Pillars. This is reality and fact. When a woman falls pregnant. A core begins to form within them, but a core requires the core mana of their mothers in order to properly form. They need to be ‘fed’ mana from their mothers. Now woman naturally have al ot more life-force due to this fact, but even more importantly we can only have about 3 children max. A 4th can be conceived but it is very very rare. Now it is strange but from what I can tell, Arai and Zoe, you pregnancy are somewhat strange as the cores seem instead of being in an infant state, they look like fully formed cores already, just developing their bodied. It takes about a month for a proto-core, and infant core to develop into a proper core. That is fact. But the 4 cores within are all already fully formed. Now Hope, yours is actually quite identical to the Pregnancy Minia had but alot more execrate. The cores within where developing in what seemed like extremely slow speed, the same for the core child inside Ember, but now, they seem to be a normal. For you I could say yours seems almost the most natural pregnancy.” 

Zoe smiled at this as she said: “I can sense it, the core of Dokia and Pandro, I can sense them within me.” As she said this Arai added:”I can sense the cores of Aliya and Mira within me!” And than Hope looked and stated: “I don’t know these core, they seem absolutely new to me, but it also feels like they were always ment to be in me.” 
As she said this it was clear that she had the 2 children core from Minia within her. as they all looked in silence. All three spoke of what 8 did to them. They describe it as being filled and surrounded by his mana, but it wasn’t suffocating, no it seems almost gentle in how it flowed. It was a strange heartwarming moment. As they all blushed in embarrassment thinking about it. As Gran-Gran added:”Well either way, I would say you won’t be pregnant for long Zoe, Arai. I am sure they will be fully developed in my best guess 3 months. But I am not sure how long Hope’s will last.” 
It was instructing to hear as Valariya took a step outside followed by Milla. She seemed a bit overwhelmed. After all in just a few moment ago she knew her sister was, to her dead, but now she was alive. 

Arai explained: “It is impossible for a core it directly interact with another core, I truly is. It is stated that the only way to destroy a core, is to collide another core with it, That is facts of the world, but cores are the size of an atom, smaller even. It exists on a plain that is hard to define, so even finding it within a body is nearly impossible, worse even, it isn’t stationary. It moves around the body. We describe it as the core is everywhere within us, and at one main location at once. It is in a state of unknown until you look for it. 8 not only found the cores but dragged them from their hosts bodies and kept them alive and proper within his body. How is that even possible you may ask, well Its really simply impossible. That is all I can say. Even now We: me, Hope and Zoe don’t have our original cores, they’re all within 8 as we speak. Simply as apart of him. We have his command cores.” 

She thought for a moment as she realised something, the core inside felt it had changed. Initially the command core only had electric aligned mana, but now it had Time mana included now too. As she asked herself how, how did he alter a cores alignment, it wasn’t possible as Zoe added: “You know I feel more than my original Life/Death-Nature core, I feel like it has all 15 elements now, I can sense my core has them all now, it feels rather strange if I’m honest. It feels a bit to perfect.” 
Arai’s eyes widened at this as she asked Hope if she could touch her stomach. As she did she noticed the report on the seal: “90% complete” 
That line, 90%, what does that mean, how is it only at 90% completion, what’s missing? She asked herself as she looked into the log more properly: 

Asigned core: 
5- main command cores set: Mind, Heart, Body, Right Arm, Left Arm
4- will cores set: Spirit, Emotion, Death, Spell. 
Missing - Technique command core. Unassigned 
This report shocked Arai. 1 will core, what is a will core, what does this mean, again something she didn’t understand, she immediately stood up and started walking around mumbling, as Zoe and Hope looked at each other as though sharing a secret joke. As they stood up and walked to leave the room, as Simon asked them where they were going as Hope replied: “Well there’s no point in staying around Arai when she’s like this. She will drive you crazy. Right now she’s so in her head about a problem or an issue she ins’t sure on how to fix of address. She will be like this for some time, thus staying and listening to her would only drive a person crazy, truth us, she is in no state to talk to right now.” As they both smiled and walked out the room. Arai spent the whole night thoerizing, as they all entered her room the next day with her having written all over the walls her theories and ideas. As Hope and Zoe looked in they noted how this was new, they never saw her take so long on a theory. As they saw all the theories she has on 8. It was a lot for a normal person to fully grasp. 

As of the next day, Leo was in the jungle with Milla as they were looking for 8 to see if he was okay. As they moved along they found hi, again, as they saw how he looked like he had collapsed. Leo was wary to approach, as he was scared, but Milla just walked to it with no fear, it caught him of guard as she discovered a shocking fact.
8 was Dead. As they brought his body to the village. Milla was in shock while Leo laughed and smiled, even singing how the monster was dead. He seemed to be the only one who was happy as everyone else seemed concerned. But Arai, Hope and Zoe came in to check. As they looked, Arai signed as though she had been called to see something absolutely pointless as he left and went back to her room to continue on her theory. Now Zoe also laughed as she stated:”That body isn’t really dead, it more like a shell. When a body dies, there is a trail of death force from it, it is proof that the body died before its life-force was completely consumed. But this body, it seem more like a shell, like the remains from melting, even though it was his whole body.” Even Hope added: “Valariya, Milla, can you still feel your hybrid tool you got from 8?” They check and it was still there. The Spired beast from 8, for Milla and Yggdrasil for Valariya. They were still fully active. As Hope added: “I don’t think death works the same for him as it does for us, well better to say only his core matters, his core is still active where ever he is, and that is a fact. I can still tell his mana and core are very much still active.” 
This immediately made everyone sigh with relief, everyone except Leo, who seemed angry, angry at how everyone was reacting, and at the fact they all were glad he was fine. It infuriated him. As he left the room in anger. 



Part 5.3: Kazemi’s Mind: Love Arai Kazemi!

It had been 3 months since they arrived on the island, Simon had left a whole ago in order to gat information and secure the best route back to the city of Paradise. Now As we see Arai, Hope and Zoe. As they are sleeping. All were still pregnant, with Arai and Zoe looking to be nearing the end of it. While Hope looked like she still had a few months to go. Arai had started to ask for their help, it seems as though her obsession had made her forget her grief and sorrow as she asked Hope and Zoe to assist her in her research of him. They were happy ot help, especially as they saw the old Arai they respected and loved come back. They never blamed her for any of this, but they simply couldn’t find the words to express that. They had worked and studied everything they had know and collected as Cai. They even started talking and compare their experiences as Cai with each other. It was moment of sisterhood and bonding. But on this particular night each would have a dream: 

Zoe would open her eyes in what seemed to be a void of space, she was in a world within a forest, the worlds had all types of echosystems, from ocean, to high mounts and artic plans with no sky, just pure space around it, and looked around her as she was surrounded by what seemed to be billions of stars, as she tried to look around she noticed it. A massive dragon(Enari(Kazemi)) was staring at her. But what unsettled her was the smile. The dragons smile and look of hunger from its eyes made her freeze in absolute fear. The dragon moved around her as though watching, assessing her as it smiled and spoke: “You really never give up do you Kazemi!” 
As he lunges at her in an attempt to consume her, she woke up in shock.

Hope dreamt she was in what seemed like a forge, as the flow molten steal and material seemed to all around her, it seemed like a amalgamation of a steal factory, to a production like, and a processing plant, as she looked to what seemed like a person with a hammer crafting and creating something on an Anvil. It seemed to be the form of a woman in what seemed to be mana form(Iris). She kept hitting the and crafting as Hope approached. The being had no visible face, they simply had the figure of a woman. As Hope approached she saw how she was forging what seemed like a heart on her forge, one made from the ore all around them. As the being lifted it up as though showing hope, and spoke: “Put your very core into it Kazemi!” As she said that the heart in her heart beat as Hope looked and saw a whole In her chest, the heart the being had was hers as it began to beat and send an echo throughoout the forge, as she woke grasping her chest trying to breath, as though the very air in her body had been forced out. 

Arai opened her eyes she looked as though she was in some kind of maze, no it wasn’t a maze it almost looked like a circuit board, as thousands of millions of lines seemed to stream all along her, the pattern was that of a mother board of a vast complexity. She moved to what seem like the main control centre, the CPU as she called it, as she moved closer she saw 8 standing in the centre surrounded by what seemed like 19 cores, 9 floating around him by the chest and a 10 where floating in the opposite direction around his hip. It seemed to her it was Z not 8, yes it was that human face but also it was vastly different as though it was 8 face now without the dragon features, it was his face but purely human, as she looked at him. He had a core in his hand, as he turned around with a smile on his face staring down at her. She noticed how the 9 cores floating around him were the cores of Hope, Zoe, the two infant cores, Mira’s, Aliya’s, Pandro’s, and Dokia’s cores. It was indeed their cores. As she didn’t recognise the 9th one. But she noticed something, the one core he had in his hand, there was no doubt about it was her core, her main core in his hands. As it laughed softly which looking at the core in his hand. As he looked and Analysed it, he smiled more even laughing slightly. She felt uncomfortable, as though she was being seen, no as though she was being judged, she felt a sense of violations she didn’t really have the words to describe. As she looked at the smile 8 had now, as she tried to get his attention: 
“What its this, what are you doing with that core?” he didn’t respond to her at all. As he continued to assess the core. And she again yelled: “I’m talking to you 8!” This seemed to catch his attention as his eyes shifted from the core to her. The smile remaind as she heard what seemed like her own voice yelling out loud: “Love Arai Kazemi!” 
She looked around her after hearing the sound, as she turned back to look at the man with 8 face, no Z’s face no it was someone it was simply him. Now he was right in-front of her as he reached his left hand to her right check, his smiling face was even more uncomfortable for her to look at as he simply smiled at her, and finally spoke: “I truly hate it when you call me by that name my love!” She looked shocked to hear that as she tried to step back only for him to grab and pull her from the waist. She was face to face with the man now, as spoke, his voice was so gentle, it made her feel flustered at hearing it, what scared her the most was how human he sounded, no he sounded just like Z right before he went into the trail, no that wasn’t right either, all she could know was that he, no it sounded very human. It showed emotions, unlike that machinical emotions 8 showed when he was being the emperor or the champion, no this time it was truly his emotions. As he continued: 
“One core left, just one more and you will be all mine, you will all be all mine, and I will Live!’ Arai looked confused as she looked at him stunned, as she heard her voice thought the space: “Love Arai Kazemi!” I simply need one more core to complete the seal Arai, one more, Then you will be all mine!” 
He said with a horrifying smile, as he gripped the core in his hand making Arai a tight pain all over her body, as she looked on as all the cores: Hope, Zoe, Mira, Aliya and, Pandro. All of them seemed to change into their real human forms whaling and crying, as though in pain, and were chained to 8 who seemed to hold it in his hands, as he laughed while chains spread around her, she couldn’t move, she felt as though she was his, his property, the property of this thing.” He laughed, more and more. The laughter was mixed but her voice as 8 seemed to vanish as she saw all of people she cared for being under his rule, they seem like they were in agony from her perspective. As she woke up screaming. She was scared, far too scared for it to make sense. 

Zoe had given birth earlier that week, and she had finally given birth that specific day. 

As a whole 6 months passed. None of them spoke of the dreams, they were all to busy dealing with everying. Aliya, Dokia, Mira and Pandro were in all rights children for a good 1 month, then Aliya, Mira and Pandro stared to grow faster and faster, during this time they had no real knowledge of who they were. But they still had their personalities, as Arai would deem it: 
Kazemi’s Art: Core Rebirth. “A techniques that transfers core from one body to another”, she said as she explained: “But in truth it doesn’t make sense, He would have had to move yours cores with 4 of his own cores. IN truth all his cells are actually proto-cores, they get their mana from the Main core inside of 8. But that core only released mana to the cells based on the main instruction it needs to execute. But there are it seems some cores that are in a complete state. But that’d confusing what about the 2 baby cores, No he must have impelled their normal Creation & Destruction Cores and switched them within the infants, He implanted the Beginning and Ending cores within the babies after returning their Creation and Destruction cores. Yes that’s the only thing that makes sense. Then that means he must have done a similar thing with them right?” She looked at them as they were a bit overwhelmed by her explanation with Zoe and Hope laughing as they saw this coming, but they also agreed, but added: “He has a set total though, Most of his cores are proto-cores but now we need to figure out with cores are the main cores. 

It was a full discussion that even Invited Assa and Rui to learn more about the being they made a contract with. They were of course children from Orians who were placed in human bodies and won. But they both had 2 weapons and beasts each. It was unquestionably unique until They learned that all of 8’s tools and beasts come in pair system it seems. Later it had been 2 months but Aliya, Mira and Pandro where now at around age 6. Dokai started ot age normally after weeks as she was in truth always a bab. Zoe even started embracing her as a mother to Dokia, she was her sweet baby, her little baby. It was heartwarming. 
Now 8 hadn’t been seen properly since they discovered his ‘corps’ around 6-8 months ago. It was a mystery to them as to where he was now. 

As we cut to Aliya running of as a child into the forest
{
Now we need to make a major alteration to Aliya’s core and abilities of Beasts Souls and Anchor

So Anchor is what holds her very spirit in a way to this realm, It is her souls anchor, and within it is her sisters soul. As she said Aliya is capable of taking the tool and beasts of the enemies she kills, she can store their ‘spirits’ of the weapon and the ‘souls’ of the beats. Which is why we need to clarify them as a similar combo as Emo and Constraints. 
Now Anchor stores souls, and is where her sealed ability of manisfesting spirits comes from, Make note of for Anchor

Now Souls must be updated massively. As we will learn the main cores Arai, Hope, Zoe, Summari, Nighla, Aliya, Mira, Dokia, Pandro, and Urial will have are all special cores from 8 which are his perfected command cores and his will cores. We will clarify what each means. 
Now Aliya’s Soul is a similar beasts as Emo, but instead of it being the Emperors emotions, Souls is the different spirits of the Emperor: 
1. Soul of the Mind Core(Arai’s spirit manifest from Irane’s point of view): Time-Lighting ~Core aligned should beasts with a desire which slowly corrupts Aliya for absolute perfection. 
2. Soul of the Heart Core(Hopes):Space-Energy As obtained the 
3. Soul of the Body(Zoe’s): Life/Death-Nature
4. Soul of Begging(Summari): Mastry of the start: All 15 with Harmic/Chaotic-light
5. Soul of the Ending(Nighla)Masrty of the end:  All 15 with Chaotic/Harmic-dark
6. Souls of Kazemi: (Irane’s ‘Core’): Absolute release of Irane Kazemi’s true nature. The full extension of 8’s core, the core that desire to truly experince all things. It is the conceptual’s power within Irane’s Core. It is an absolute forbidden form that Aliya, must NEVER use!
}

Aliya was running through the first as she kept saying how she can hear something or someone calling her. It was a strange sensation that manly people thought she was just hearing things like Leo and Milla who laughed it off. Now Valariya noticed how this upset so she said she’d join her look in the first with her on who what it was. She didn’t full believe her, she more or less doing it just to make her happy. Now Dio wanted to join up with her as it would be the heading to the other side of the island by the lard South-Western Mountain side. He offered to simply accompany them on their journey. They even told Arai that they were going, which she simply told them to be careful, with Zoe noting that they might find a monster out there if they aren’t careful and stay out to late. A joke that had them living with some laughter. Now Leo and Milla were invited to join but Milla was on babysitting duty with Mira and Pandro, while Hope and Arai were busy. And Leo simply didn’t want to, he wanted to train up and noted how childish they both were for even doing this. Before they left, Leo smugly told Dio to watch his girl to him in a whisper that Valariya and Aliya didn’t hear them. 

As they moved through the forest they took their time to also simply relax by the advice of Dio. They had what would be described as a simply day. They had been very bust the last few months and hadn’t really had a chance to unwind. He told Valariya how he was grateful to have some time to rest and get a beak from doing all of Leo’s work that he neglects. Now as they move Aliya states how she can hear the voice calling to her getting louder and louder. This worried Valariya a bit as Aliya’s ability ot just move through objects allowed her to get through the forest and run far ahead of them. She wasn’t listening anymore to her sister cries, no she was honing in on that voice and she would find it. Now they were finally able to catch up to her near the evening as the sun was fully set now, they were on a crack on the mountain side, that seemed to lead deep into a cavern within the mountain. The gap was large enough for them to walk through but they felt the walls on their sides as they walked through the gap. After a minute of walking into the dark space. Valariya unleashed a fire spells to illuminate the room, as light filled the room, they soon realised that the walls of the cavern where scally in texture and they saw a massive sleeping dragon on the other end, he was huge and with his transparent scaly color, made him seem golden under Valariya’s flame. Now they Dio and Val ran and hide quickly on the side behind a rock as they noticed how he was waking up now. But Aliya didn’t hide, no she walked right to him in pure excitement. She didn’t have a memories back yet at this time, but she wasn’t afraid of the massive dragon, no she looked and smiled as though greating an old friends. As Val and Dio watched as the dragons head leaned closer to Aliya and sniff her, he made a move to open his mouth. Now Val jumped out as she assumed the dragon was about to take a bit of her, having a flashback to when she watched 8 bit her sister. 
Now in that moment the dragon simply licked Aliya. The massive tongue of the massive beasts made sure to stick to Aliya, as he blow some wind towards her. He than extended his hand and picked her up. He place her right in-front of him. As he took note of Valariya and Dio. He looked at Valariya carefully. Even pulled her closer to him with his tail as though he wanted to take a closer look at her. He investigated for a second and moved back as though he was satisfied. Now he looked at Dio who also expected the same treatment, but 8 simply took a glance of him and than looked back to Aliya. He just paid attention to her than. As his wings moved to block the wind coming from the gap. They couldn’t leave anymore as the massive dragon would set the tip of his tail on fire creating a massive flame that illuminated and warmed the large space. Than Dio pulled something from his bag. It was a large fish, as he moved close and offered it 8 as though he was offering a sacrifice. 8 looked at it, as he moved the fish into his mouth and ate it. He than blow some wind towards Dio that made him move back which had Valariya laughing. As Aliya was distracted by 8 who seemed to be completely focused on Aliya. It seemed to Dio and Valariya that it was just them in that cave. They spoke about their whole ordeal. 
They spoke of all the fear and pain they had felt. All the moments each thought they would die. Valariya even noted how he was thankful for all of this to 8. And how he also started to maybe believe in her own fairy-tale. She opens up to Dio about how beautiful the 2nd part of the story was to her. But how it also created the and forgot about a major part of the story. The story of the man before the champion. 
She told him how important it was that we remember the man 8 used to be. That is why she told Assa and Rui the story as she described it: Irane. They were both truly scared. So scared that their own natures the fact that they were Alma and Spirit, well it no longer really mattered, they were humans and they were all they had in there. But Valariya’s story, the story of Irane made them see that not only was there more out there, but that they might have a future as long as they didn’t give up and kept fighting. She told him how she had memorised it so easily cause even I loved the story. I rally did and I didn’t tell the full version till prison because I hated how 8 seems to be be human first. No I saw his as a monster, I didn’t see the man.” 
She looked at 8 and said: “I wonder what kind of man he is now?” As she would lean in on Dio who jumped and noted how he wanted to get them more food as an excuse to get some distance as he was flustered. He was now even more enamoured by her, by what she just said that he was blushing just thinking about it. He didn’t want her to see his face, as 8 would pull back with his tail, making crash right into Valariya and completely wrap his tail around them. The tip of 8’s tail was still acting as a proper light sources as now they were isolated. As Dio couldn’t move back or hide. She saw his face and he told her right there and than how he felt about her. It’s not like he could escape or hold it in any longer. He told her right there and than how he felt about her and how he wanted to always stand by her side. His words were rewarded with a kiss from her. As they were isolated and kissing Dio asked her:” Aren’t you worried the dragon is gonna eat your sister while you’re here with me?” As he replied while pulling him to the ground:”No, I choose to trust in great Dragon for tonight!” As she kissed him further. 
Aliya at this point was asleep now leaning right next to 8’s body as she moved his smaller mid wings to wrap her up in a blanket. He looked at her intently as his moved back. 
As he shifts his head he opens his eye pointing and viewing right to were Hope was now, as we see him view the whole area with his ability, watching on her, Arai and Zoe intently. He only focuses on those 3… 

As morning comes through Aliya wakes up Val and Dio who had just spent the night together, she was slamming into 8’s tail, as they both jumped out and got dressed while still in wrapped in his tail, as the second they were decent 8 lifted his tail up exposing them, as Aliya would cry out about how she could phase through 8’s tail and had to knock on it to wake them up. Dio looked in confusion as he shifted his gaze to 8. He wondered if made sure Aliya didn’t see them naked, and even how he gave them privacy while watching Aliya. But is confused as to why as 8 would look towards Aliya as she said he should come back and check on everyone when he can. None of them would run from him. As they left Dio would swear he saw a smile come across 8’s no across that dragons face… 

They all arrived back at the village and told Arai, Hope and Zoe, Mira, Milla and Leo and Pandro what they saw. Arai and Zoe reacted in vague interest sharing a look at each other as Zoe would place what seems like money into Arai’s hand, noting how she looked annoyed at this. It seems they had a bet on the form he had taken after ‘molting’ from his old body. And How Zoe called Arai crazy for assuming her would be in his dragon form. 
Now Leo noted in announce how he didn’t like the fact that they stayed there for so long. He noted how he shouldn’t even dare try coming to the village as he said how he would make sure he didn’t even take one step there without him cutting him. As he was trying to act tough infront of Val, as to which Milla said she would love to go to see him herself. As they said they would go the next time they’re free. 
In that last month Aliya would go and visit 8 nearly daily, even sleeping there most of the time. She even started bringing Mira and Pandro with them. There was even one night as to they brought Dokia with them, as Arai, Hope and Zoe, where busy with some research and trusted Val with them. 
Dio and Val went there with Aliya all the time too as 8 would always keep the kids distracted while they could get some alone time. Something Milla noted to them in her few time she went. Milla loved being there as seeing the massive dragon just brought her a certain joy and wonder through it all. She enjoyed being around him too. 
Now Leo never came with the others, as he came once even screaming at 8 challenging him, with 8 simply ignoring him until he tried to attack him, 8 simply swatted him away like a fly out his cave. The only witness to this was Milla who secretly there spending time alone there, She enjoys simply talking and being there, but she was embarrassed to admit that. Even Assa and Rui joined in, he was soon the place all the kids wanted to go to, with all the few elders there doing their best to keep the children to go there, they all wanted to see the dragon in his massive form. As Aliya would tell him about how much he should come with them to the village, when only Valariya and Dio there at that time, 8 would seem to agree as he would return back to him dragon-human form than in what shocked Dio and Valariya. As he moved through the crack in the mountain. The as he was out he transformed into his dragon form and flew them all back to the village, as he arrived he turned back to his human form as he entered. 

All the people looked in awe of him. He seemed fully healed and rested, as he seems different, even better to say his form seemed to have ‘evolved’ which his horns and wings having a farmer detailed design and colour scheme now. He was more aligned with Blue, Red and Green all over his scaly wings and hand, even his eyes seem to have the same colours with a hint of black in the left eye and white in his right eye. He seemed like the same person otherwise. He took his time looking around him, he looked at them as though scanning and making sure he knew every detail of them, even the elders were assessed in such a way. As he made it to looking at Arai, Hope and Zoe. He froze for a second as he looked at them. He walked towards them bowed down on his knees: 
“I am of service My Wife, My Empress, My Goddess! What is your command?” 
He said in a more humanly manner, he was still quite mechanical in his delivery, but it was clear he was just trying to be in direct connection to Sofia’s story. He was now though less emote and more direct. In that week, he would spend his time there. 

In a conversation he had with Dio and Valariya, he asked them as he stared directly at Arai:”What is love? Or better yet what does it mean to love?” The question shocked them, as they both looked at each other and blushed, they were so confused at to why he would ask the question as they tried to explain what it was, there explanation was a cluster of inconsistencies and confusion to 8. He heard take about what lovers do, how one should love someone, and how important communication is, how you sleep next to the person you love, how you care for them. All of that is what love was and it was confusing for him as he listened and added:”Understood” As he walked towards Zoe’s hut. 

He didn’t even ask as he directly went into Zoe’s hut and jumped into the same bed as her, she was shock and confused to really do much, he then slept at Arai;s the next night where she would force him to sleep while standing, and after realising how wrong that was told him to sleep in whatever position was most comfortable for him. He would spoon her, covering her with his wing. The next day he was at Hope’s as she didn’t have any mercy and sure he slept in a best for her. She had no mercy or care for his comfort. As she would still stay close to her.  Soon the twins were to be born, On this day he was out with Mira and Pandro who, had now reached 8 years of age in the span of the last few weeks. Were being trained by him, as Aliya was also there fighting him, noting how she couldn’t phase him, and now Mira’s emotions didn’t even phase him. He seemed like a legendary being to them at this age and mindset, as Pandro would famously even bow constantly at him. 
On that day as they were told Hope was in labour, 8 grabbed all of them and moved them there at breakneck speeds, as dropped them of crashing as he ran to be by Hope. He seemed in a way excited or rather curious to see them. As he arrived staranlised and cleaned himself as he enter to be at Hope’s side. He seemed rather supportive in that moment. As they would both be born. As Hope was given a chance ot hold them, she held them for some time before passing them to how extended his 3rd pair of faded wings next to his sides, he held them lost positioning them right by his sides. He didn’t even let them go from his side for the whole day as Arai, Hope and Zoe noticed how his main core was flowing mana to them, as if the children, the 2 little girls were consuming his mana. He in a way seemed somewhat complete now. 

He was with the villagers who surrounded them, the children’s hair seemed similar to his, transparent with the first having white sticks of with their hair, while the other was black. It was now after all had a chance to look at the children that 8 would walk and see Valariya, She was busy with some chores as they had a conversation: “What are their names?” 8 looked at her in confusion as he looked at her, “Name’s? I am not sure I know what you mean. This is my Begging of my Creation(Referring to his first born) and this is my Destruction of my Ending(referring to his second) What name does one’s core require?” He asked, she was shocked by how direct he was about the way he named them. But more importantly it was the way that he referred to them as his cores. Like they were his property that caught Valariya of and made her speak up: “These 2 little girls are not yours in a way were you can do whatever you want with them!” She stated with emotion and a bit of anger. He stared at her as he continued: “But these cores are my cores, why can’t I use my cores as I wish? After all they are my Begging and Ending, my Creator and Destroyer!” As she stared at him, she asked a different question: “What is your name? Is it Z or Eight(8)?” He looked at her for a second, as though not completely sure what she ment, as he responded: “I don’t know who this ‘Z’ person you refer to it, and 8 isn’t a name, it is a title. I am the 1_888_888_888 core to enter the trail, that is all that number represents. 8 is not a name Valariya Hallow, it is a number!” She looked at him with a bit of shock to this, she didn’t expect him to respond in such a way. He didn’t even now his name, or recognise his old one, the name they were told he was known by. She felt pity for the being with no name, but even more she didn’t want the children he had to be like him as she said: “Yes, but my name is Valariya Hallow, a name given to me by my father and mother, and it has a very simple meaning: A new begging”. My core didn’t come from a trail. My core wasn’t the property of my parents. Nor were Aliya;s core. Even lady Arai, Hope and Zoe use their true names. Nexal, Apolo and Navar, they never denied their true name, even if they hated them, so your children are their own people. Their own cores who will make their own decisions. They aren’t a mindless machine like you, who only knows how to follow orders!” She was shocked by that last statement as she tried to apologise to him as she just felt like she insulted him. As he simply looked at her, and them moved his children from his wings and held them in his arms. He looked at them for some time as though he was thinking. Thinking deeply before he spoke: 
““Summari” shall be your name my Begging(Looking at the child on his right, “Nighla” shall be your name my Ending(Looking at the child on his left)”. He said that has he looked at them. Again: “Summari and Nighla” As he said now staring at Valariya. She was quiet for some time as he walked back to the medical hut where Hope was. He entered as Zoe jumped to see his babies. He handed them to her one by one as he did he said their names:”This is Summari. This is Nighla.” Zoe smiled as she was overjoyed to see them, as Hope in confusion asked why he named them that, as he replied Arai seemed completely intresed as he spoke: “Summer Night, their first day on this plain of existence!” Arai was confused by this as she realised that he was talking about the night they were conceived. Rather it was a night in summer. 

It was a blissful time, as Valariya and Dio would even have a little ceremony to get married after some time together, They wanted ot make it official and asked 8 officiate, He was pleased to d its as after he agreed he went Hope for what her called: “I need to understand what these ceremonies of love are!” As Hope do her best to explain what love was as she said: “The person you love is basically your sweetheart!” As than 8 referred to Hope as his sweetheart, even shorting it to ‘sweetness empress’ or ‘empress sweetie’. He seemed to be adopting more things, but Hope hated how he said it to her, it made her blush. As she would cover her face anytime he would approach while in public. He would only refer to Arai as master, this was due to how Minia was manipulating 8 though Arai’s mana, as she made him call her Master, he would now do to Arai, calling her master every time, or even my goddess at times . He would sometime even say ‘master goddess’, which pissed Arai off the most as he always said it while they were in a crowed. It embarrassed her. 
While for Zoe, after his talk with Hope, he referred to her as her: “My everything, my body, and even His domains keeper, always refering to his neather regions when he did it. But Zoe was never embarrassed but it, she even played along to it to the dismay and scrutiny of Arai and Hope. 

Soon after what seemed like 3 additional months of peace, Valariya would receive some terrifying news from Arai. As earlier In that midday, 8 would come at her and go to one knee as he spoke: 
“Request Execute Command!” Arai was confused by what this was, it was the first time he had come to her for a request, But more than that, he was smoky set. It reminded her back at the war when she would watch him take all the data and information on the enemy and formulate the ultimate plan from it, I even started getting so addicted to seeing his method and formulation, that I poured my heart into aquiring the perfect and most accurate bit of data I could for him. I guess that was a major factor for him in the 2 years war. He was a master at strategy with the right data, he even formulated the plans based on the ones with the least amount of casualties. Being alive and fighting to live was a major requirement for him in his descion making, and now here he is asking me a question, I won’t believe it, I can’t believe it. As she thought to what she needed to say back. Proceed se said as a stream of data entered Arai’s mind from 8. It was in an instant as his question then became experience and then reality. As she heard this she called Hope and Zoe immediately and told them the matter. In that moment none of them knew what the right move was all they said was to simply tell Valariya. As they called her in they explained: 

She was pregnant. As she was somewhat schock and a bit surprised they didn’t look happy for her. As they explained: Arai spoke with sadness carrying her voice: “The core alignment of the infant is Life/Death-Nature-Fire - chatoic-darkness, now the problem was how her rare core was acting on them, but on her. As she learned that her beast/tool hybrid: Tree of Yggdrasil  was unable to directly host and protect the 2 cores at once, it needed to anchor to one core. Now it was being effected by her infants core and this was interupting the power Yggdrasil to be disabled within her. Now her life force was bing burnt by her and the infants core. They needed to make a choice or rather she needed to make a choice: “Either she killed her unborn child and die, or do nothing and die” The child within her was less then a week old, so it had a proto-core, and needed some 3 more weeks to properly developed. Now the issue was that 8 was planing on placing a special tool around the unborn child, but it needed to have a set core first. she needed ot choose what to do as she would be dead in a weeks time. Now she asked what they could do for her? 8 spoke:
“I can ensure that you stay alive for the full span of time, extending your life for another full 2 weeks, it would give us the full month for your Childs core t fully set, and I can place a beast/tool hybrid that would allow him to live naturally, and also ensure that your bloodline never has to suffer this ever again. Or she could choose to terminate the child and simply try again and hope the next child as a different core alignment which it most likely will. She had to choose between living and killing the child inside her or die and give it a chance at life. It was her choice now, as Hope said sadly. Zoe looked in silence as she couldn’t bare to speak. She hated the whole situation, She truly did. But even she understood, somethings even 8 couldn’t undo and deal with directly. Even he had limits as he Tod her how he could protect the child and let her die, or how he could end the child right there and then. But she instead asked 8 a question: 
“If I die, will my sister be alone?” 
8 Looked at her, as he spoke:”No, even after you die, I have made sure your spirit, or better to clarify a perfect copy of your spirit will always be with her, always as she needs it. That was set up the day I gave you that Tree of Yggdrasil but also how important it was for her to know, your child will live, I will make sure of that.” Than she asked a different question now:”Will you really be by my side to the very end?” 8 paused at her words:

She asked that question and tears flowed down as Zoe jumped and hugged her, as did Hope and Arai. 8 stood there watching on the side, he simply just watched. As within his mind the process began…: 
Objective, Requirements and Data obtained {Be with her till the end, death-violation of core law, set Valariya}
Set: Begin -> Evolve -> Core -> Execute -> End 
Lock: Creation -> Cultivation -> Extraction -> Processing -> Destroying 
Command: Love Arai Kazemi! : Creation of the seal! Final 10% objective, set! Command set: Incomplete!

As he spoke up, Yes, I will be with you til the end! It was a contradiction of his system, how could be do it, what was his logic that made his pause and think. As he walked to her he said: “Live your life to the fullest!” As his tail seemed flow within her, she felt a surge of mana flowing within her. It seemed to almost overflow as Yggdrasil formed anew around his tail and the core of Valariya and the proto-core of the the child inside her. It was bound on her. As she took a breath in. 

It was on this night that Mira, Aliya and Pandro would regain their memories of all the events. 

It was a on the same night that Valariya would tell Dio and Aliya that she only had a month left to live. She wanted them to know, she wanted to spend her last few days with them, she simply wanted to fully have that. As she said this 8 entered the room which shocked them, as he spoke to her: “2 Months!” He said as though he was correcting a previous statement of Valariya’s. I can stretch you live force for a maximum of 2 Months, I can do it, I can do it!” It was his repetition of the “I can” that worried Dio. It really worried him as he felt as though he too was about to do something even he wasn’t sure about. He seemed like an out of sync machine in a way, as though something was off in his head. It confused him and worried as Aliya added: “Yes lord Kazemi can, I know he can. He can perform miracles, he can, if you have 2 months we can really do all the things we could, we can have a lot more time, and maybe, just maybe lady Arai can, she can, I know she can figure something out. I mean she saved you once, right she did when she forced you to make the contract for Yggdrasil. She do something similar again.” Valariya heard those words and it hurt her as she knew that couldn’t do anything, they really couldn’t. Dio coldly accepted as he said: “Lets get married tomorrow, I want to spend the next 2 months as your Husband Val” She was shocked by his sudden proposal as 8 added: “I can officiate the same way the elder did at my wedding with the Witch of a woman!” It shock them to hear him describe Minia with such a surge of what seemed pure hatred for her. 

In last 2 months, 8 stayed close to Val as she lived her life. He needed to stay nearly 10 meters near her at all times as he watched. He officiated at their wedding as spectators would describe it as a fairly-tale story of how the draconic Emperor brought the two of them together. As they stated how the dragon emperor carried his young by his sides under his arms. The tales of how he would always be fighting with Mira, and Milla as children and, trying the great Sage as a child. These little moments would create vast amount of fairy-tales that many of the children there would tell to their children, and to other Primals of Paradise{A bit of a spoiler but not really, I mean once they get there I mean}. The stories of Valariya the only woman to have ever killed the emperor, and the woman who named him. As well as the stories of the Great General and the early life of Dokia, the child of death and Uriel, the Emperors Brother. It all came from here. The funny tales of the future great Sage of the great Ban Library of Valariya, Pandro who would be described as a bumbling fool of a child who was horrible at magic and always caused problems with his spells, and now when described with his 1000 year old version of that future era shows a man of great valour and master of magic who uses his spells to fix all the problems he has. It is a tale of change and perseverance too. 
As Valariya enjoyed and spent time with the people and children. Even asked 8 to train the children to used his tools and beasts. As he would offer them to them. Assa and Rui would on this day get their Beasts/Tools Kazemi Hybrids. 
Assa now had the Beasts: “Kazemi’s Nature” aka “K’sNature” as great living forest like beasts of her tree tool/beasts previously. It was a living forest of a beast. While Rui’s thunder tool was upgraded to the Kazemi tool/Beast Hybrid: “Kazemi’s Climate” Aka “K’sClimate”:  A living cloud that can assume different natures of the climate and weather: Sunny - Fire-Light Climate mode, Stormy - Water-Lightning, Hurricane - Wind, Earthquake - Earth, and so on. 

They were trained well and known as part of those tails. Even Dio and Leo would also be mentioned on these tales, as legends of the past. 

The day finally came for Valariya to say her goodbyes. She told Loe, Mira, Pandro, and Milla, Assa and Rui, on this last day that she was dying. She was selfish not to have told them. But she also admitted that she didn’t want to be acting fine in-front of them if they knew what she was about to go through. She knew that would treat her differently, and indirectly remind her of her fate. She didn’t want that. She really didn’t and made that choice. Now She moved on through them. As Leo screamed at her for her selfishness and he started crying, and he added how he would have loved to also spend as much time as possible on her last day. He raged at her, which made her tear up and Dio forced Leo to shut up, as he did Milla simply hugged Valariya and told her she loved her, She loved her like the sister she never had. That their time together during the war were some of her best years, And also how her fairy-take was a major inspiration for her to. She made sure she knew just how much she did for them and how much she ment to all the Primals in Paradise. She and her Fairy-Tale is what built that city and it is its foundation, Making her that foundation and she wanted her to know that. As she made sure she did. 8 was again just 10 meters away as he heard this, The mention of this “Fairy-Tale” He had never heard of it before. As they all spent their last times together. Valariya said her goodbyes to everyone. To Zoe for helping her now and sheltering her when she did. For Hope who lead them in the 5 year war and was someone she supported when creating Pardise. And to Arai, the woman who she said was like a second Mother to her. She said how their mother hers, and Aliya’s did right after giving birth to Aliya. So she never really had one, and how she was happy that it was her who Actually carried Aliya, as that ment she was her Mother too, She said this and it made her cry, it made her cry out loud as she hugged Valariya as Arai said: “I Love you to my little girl, my Valariya!” Words that woukd turn to how the goddess loves Valariya(the city now in the future). As she said said her goodbyes. She and 8 moved to a high part pf the island. It was around midnight and the moon was full.. 

They went there as she wished she could see the sun rise one last time in secret. Something 8 heard. He told her it was time to go. As she said goodbye. He moved them there slowly, Carrying her on his back as they walked to the location. It was around Midnight now. As they arrived at a large tree by the side of the mount, they sat at its food, facing towards the sea, far where the sun would rise in a few hours. As they sat there 8, Wrapped his wings around Valaraiya as they sat next to each other. She was leaned in resting next to him, even remarking, how she was snuggling next to her father’s killer and sisters saviour. How ironic life was. She said this as she asked to break the silence if he wanted to hear a story. He looked at her and asked what story would she tell, as she asked: I think I will tell you your fairy-tale. He looked at her, as she noted that Summari and Nighla were there next to him. They were awake squirming in his side wings. As she told him the story: 

…His name was Irane, he was a simple man who lived with his wife, and mother and villagers. He was a good man a wonderful son and a great husband who was said to obey his woman like a their words were law to him. His mothers, his wife’s, his goddess, his empress and his ‘daughter’, as he would lose and watch his village burn, Irane would be able to protect his daughter. As he would watch everyone he loved die at the hands of Demon lord Vraka and Arke Angle Selis. This was the story of Irane who with his daughter would travel and watch the watch and talk about how her father would become the Emperor… 

As he would meet with the Goddess would would offer him 3 cores, each with the mana needed to help him prevail as she told him of the Trail and the power he would get from Kazemi if he prevailed. He would be the 8th to truly reach the trail in the story and attempt it. And he would succeed. As he would prevail in the trail and obtain the powers of Kazemi, from this day he would be Know as Irane Kazemi, The Eight Champion of Primals. He would go of and the older of the Goddess to save The great city of heaven. There his daughter would meet a young woman from that city as she would aid her during the assault. As Irane came and defeated the Invading Orians, and Demons and Angles. It would be a legendary moment. As this would be who would where he would reveal himself as the champion to the people with his goddess in tow. He would order him to protect the Primals and be their leader. He would comply as now the Goddess would see the woman that his daughter was with. She would crown this woman the woman who shall represent all the Corporals, The Ascen and the Primals. She would be the one of both, and of a human she was to. As she was an Ascen who was human who became a Human-Primal. It was her. And her daughter encourage it. She stood by the woman and supported her. Being her daughter while also being her observer. She would become the woman needed to lead, the woman who would be the Empress. As 8 would marry her and the goddess would leave him to her to watch over. She would be told to: “Make the Champion Into a True Emperor!” As she would comply. It would be this as she would famously say: “A true Emperor, requires a true Empress!” To the daughter of Irane. She would be called Aurala in the story, “Empress Aurala Kazemi!” This would he her title oto own. 
As she would reforge the weapon of a man to a man among men. He was to be shown and lead by her to what an Emperor was. Being shown the needs of the people, and how to select thew right people. To form true bonds and find the strongest. And most importantly the importance of find and naturing the young crops to be the leaders of tomorrow. To not do all the labour for his people and to trust in them. He would be a weapon when needed but he would ensure his people were capable. 
He was a cultivator who grow his empire and lead his people. As when needed he would appear among the people in the front lines. As he would do when leading them again Vraka and Selis and defeating not just them but also saving the Ferali and the Celestials and seeing them free, to free the Alma and The Spirits from their curse of short life, and to free humanity from their use by the Tainted Tyrant of Toma. It was he who lead the people to defeat them all. As he left he took many people with him, those who were by his side during this, all of the people who wanted to be there, it mattered not if they were Alma, Ascen, Celestial, Ferali, Human, Primal or Spirit, all who wanted went and joined his empire as he ruled over his hime. His Paradise!

As all hailed: Lord Irane Kazemi: Emperor of Paradise! 

Those were the words she said after 5 hours of telling her story, It was the full story, as noted it was similar to the story I read a while ago from Sofia, Hers and yours are the same story. No it was more than that. He would look at her as Summari seemed to be asleep and Nighla was now awake at the end. She it was funny to her as she noticed. Now 8 simply looked at her and after a long time asked: “You said it was my fairy-tale?” As the noticed how Sofia’s story only noted the man as the champion, as the title, as he asked now to Valariya: “Do you know what my name is?” She paused as she thought for a moment, She thought about calling him ‘Z’ but to her she felt like that man was long gone, she never knew him so the name just didn’t feel right. He did feel like Z and she felt that. As she moved her head back to his chest, as she heard his heart beat: “Irane!” Your name is Name of the man, your not the monster, your not the tool, and your not some god, your just a man, a man who was forced to obtain power you never asked for and forced to do what others wanted, but you aren’t a tool. No you’re a man. The man, ‘Irane’ is the Emperors name, and you are the emperor aren’t you… Lord Irane?” He paused at listening to her. he moved to look the sun coming up:”My name is… Irane” As he said this Valariya looked at the rising sunrise. She noted how she didn’t think she could see it she started ot cry as she said: “Thank you, thank you 8… Irane, thank you, I didn’t think I would ever be able to see the sunrise on my Birthday {Date: 8th of August} as she would look at the sun and note as 8 flowed his core. 
We now find out that 8 had placed his very core within Valariya’s body and was busy creating a body around the unborn child, altering his body so his children would never have the same problem, he was also outfitting it with the 10th core, the core of his Techneques on to it, as this would be how it survives after this… 
As we see as she slowly starts dying she notes how she can fell even see Irane’s core, it was as though her consciousness was being dragged into her core, and she could see his core. It seemed almost void and transparent, but she saw the sun also coming up, as it reflected on the core and it seemed to now be a blinding golden light, a deep bright gold. As it flowed she said: “He had a beautiful core!” A complement that he would take to his very core. His very very core, as she would close her eyes and take her final breath in the world of the living. 

Part 5.4: Who is Irane Kazemi?

Who are you?
Begin -> Evolve -> Core -> End
“Who am I?” Well I am… a Fairy-Tale! 

- Irane Kazemi

All I could hear were those commands, and that damn endless mission, endless goal. All I could do was simply Trust: 
- I had to trust my body to provide the right mana
- I had to trust my heart to draw all mana I had
- I had to trust the plan my mind had to execute

From the Begging to the Ending I simply choose to trust in it as I heard their voices: 
- Don’t Give Up! 
- Put Your Very Core Into It!
- Live Kazemi 

As they died 8 was still within Valariya’s core as he had taken the order to be with her till the end literally, LITERALLY! As he would take his core with her to the pillars, his very cores, his very being was with her at the pillars. Now he looked as he bared witness to the universe bared bear. But it was far greater then that he was hand in hand with Valariya, he violated his core rule to die. He did, to fulfil the order of Arai, To complete the seal and to love Arai Kazemi, to be with a loved one of hers, as we see all he did was to fulfil that order. All he was doing, the fighting, the being the champion was all for that Goal as now he had obtained the final core of someone Arai cared for, it was the child of Valariya and Dio, a child she had named Urial. He had all the cores he needed to complete the seal now. He was done with it as she arrived at the pillars now. He arrived by his own choice, his own. And Arai didn’t know that the seal in reality was about to be completed. Her order now was complete. As he arrived a blank slate there but his own choice, he was now following against an instinct. He had been alive and now he would finally Die… 

As he would hold on to Valariya hand he would look on at the very epicentre of all things and beyond. He would now having completed his order open his hand allow Valariya to pass on and finally die. He had now also experienced it. He experienced the moment of death as he Died! As he heard her last words: “Goodbye Irane!” As he said back: “Goodbye Valariya!” Those were their last words. As they died.

But the he heard it. A voice, a moment of release, as an echo from within himself would pulse and force him awake: “Live Kazemi!” Those where the now the second words he heard as he reawakened. He was now feeling it, the pillars where flowing life force to his ver core, his core was unique, and inverted in, that moment, the pillars flowed life force around the core, and prepared a new core around that core, When they created it was basically creating a core over and inverted core, the new core also became inverted but that was only apprehend from within the core now, He to the pillars looked correct as within the new core Irane would feel it, the command to Live as he would be pulled from the peace of death to the experience of existence and his Life, it was the remained the experience of his trail all flowing back to him. he bared within to the being who was within his core.
He looked at as it held his core within his hands. He looked at him with an unnatural smile. It didn’t speak, it didn’t need to as he looked at Irane’s eyes. It was a command that the being was sending to his very core. It was a command he couldn’t disobey. “Fight and win Kazemi!” As he was forced to fight all the 37.2 billion versions of himself, the ones who all died previously. He was forced to fight them all with a pair of Katanas he had. He wasn’t sure what was going on. 
In reality to him he had just woken up from what seems like a long dream. This was not rebirth, this was reincarnation. He had erased ‘Z’ and he was indeed gone, now all that remains was what ‘Z’ left, ‘Kazemi’ and ‘Irane’ was now reborn within this complex system. 

He was a tool and Kazemi the being within was clearly his ‘user’ Irane swallowed the cold reality, he couldn’t disobey as he fought them, one by one, as they came, they were becoming stronger and stronger. It was endless as when one fell a new one emerged. He fought and fought. Alll this time, he heard this voice in his head. It was strange to him, he felt their voices all over his body. 5 voices that he didn’t know where they came from. And another 5 cores, another 5 he heard as he taped into himself. As develed during the fights to understand himself. To know what he was as he fought. He was discovering how this new body, how he worked.

The voice in his head(Arai’s voice): Made the plans and judged his execution of them,
The voice in his heart(Hope’s voice): Pulled the mana, and it was always working to be at max
The voice in his body(Zoe’s voice): Always transforming his body do adapt to the situation. 

Now he heard them all. He heard them as voices in his head and he heard them all well. While he experienced the cores of Summari and Nighla. Their cores were connected right to his core. A they gave him the spells and primordial mana, and the order gave him the techniques and mana combination for it all. As 8 would start to use Kazemi’s Arts. 
He would state: Kazemi’s Begging(spell) + Kazemi’s Ending(technique) than he would use Kazmei’s Arts

He wielded the twin katana as his tool during these 37.2 billion fights. The one he named after himself Irane: It was able to direct tap into his heart and tools to manipulate his blood(his blood was the material in which he used to forge all his tools, it is know as Irane Ore. And it can only be restructured in the forge, The second was Kazemi, as it connects to main core and his body’s evolution function. It was a master class. It was apart in this moment that he was a tool. 
Begging  -> Evolve -> Core -> Ending, the commands running in his mind as he enacted any plan and move, he needed to preplan, and move to always meet the objective. To win was all his body was made to do and he would do it well. He understood himself, understood the tool. How he worked. How the voices works. What they ment. Ands how he would overcome all battles. As Irane would fight he would obtain sense of wonder and hope and hunger for the next battle. He was in fact a reincarnate and the emotions and desires of Z still lingered in his core. His core, as he kept fight more and more, the opponents became stranger and stronger and stronger. He needed to tap more and more into his core, not his power. As he did she started to start using more versatile abilities. He expanded and evolved to be better. To ensure the power wouldn’t over take, it would use it as a tool. His power at his core., now it had a new order, a final 5th order and it was the Exists. As his core bared witness. 

His first order was to forget about the trail, it was his own voice, “forget who you are, Erase and forget to survive. Forget Yourself” : “Forget yourself” was his first order.
His second order that truly took it to the next level. It was Defeat the Dragon 
His third was Live kazemi
His forth was Complete the seal 
His fifth order came from the pillars. It was the order to be alive. He was reincarnated. He still had the same emotions and feelings lingering from ‘Z’ but he idolised the properties of the Fairy-Tale and Prophesy, He was also Irane, the man from that story, It was this that was reincarnated, and now he would believe that was reborn. As he would enjoy the battle more than anything. He had the full love and desire for combat from Enari, but he also had the absolute tool being Iris working ion the desire to create the perfect tool. To also ensure that the tool which he was fully function ‘Perfectly’ it was this that became the voices in his merged into one. All 5 of the man voices. While taping into this core allowed him to tap into his core abilities from his emotions, spirits, death, spells, and techniques. It was this fight and the fact that his old emotions of being useless and weak and being unable to do anything, that all made him the ultimate being, he listent to the voices as they planed, and set out the objective and resources. As he would tap into this cores, as he would 
1. Begin: The execution of the plan
2. Evolve: Don’t give up, evolving the body to be perfect for the treat
3. Core: Put your very core into it, the creation of temp core with limited mana, only enough to be used in the fight. As his heart beats it creates new cores with mana for just that objective 
4. Execute: The full execution of the plan realised, doing all and assessing. All in the mind in a different speed of time. To think faster and process further. 
5. Ending: The Judgeing and assess of effectives of the plan. 

It was these five moves that he used over and over, it was how the tool of Irane KAzmei worked. 

He fought and he enjoyed it, he enjoyed the challenge. As his past feelings lingered and burned as he best more and more of himself. In truth he enjoyed killing them, he enjoyed killing himself. These weak version of himself. He again wanted to kill the weakness within himself. And that is what the core was drawing on. As he fought more and more, Iran’s core was glowing more and more. He was expressing himself the most in combat.As 8 was fighting he also Unlocked and started using Enari and Iris as his tool and beasts. As he fought more and more opponents he started challenging himself, pushing himself to either only use 1 of them per battle. As he would do as he fight. As he did the effects and imprints of the beasts and tool made himself truly view himself as either the emperor or the champion, It was this that made the man see the 2 version. Of himself. The ones he would become. As he used Enari and he used Iris. He fought all the 32.999 togther. Putting more and more of his core, of his power into it… 
 As he reached the final version, the most powerful he had to tap into 100% of himself. Everything that he was and it was in that moment that the man understood. He was Kazemi and his core in all realities was a conceptual. He saw it now, his core was housing it, no it wasn’t just housing it, he was it, He was Kazemi, as he felt himself be used, as he bared witness to his cores power. As looked and listed to the voice of Iris(Hybrid now of Arai, Hope, Zoe, Summari and Nighla) Speaking, 100% reached accomplished. Fully Alive, Irane Kazemi Lives!


As the 5th command was set he bared witness to the seal around him. The cores of Arai, Hope, Zoe, Summari, NIghla. The cores of Aliya, Mira, Dokia, Pandro and Urial. 
As we find out that he actually acquired and set up his will cores within Mira, Aliya, Pandro, Dokia and Urial. They all were set through when they went to the cave and died. They were all the cores of people Arai Loved! All the cores of the people Arai Loved as we find this out. It was this that made the seal complete. As this is who Irane Kazemi. He beared wittiness to what he was. Now and he experienced being Kazemi Irane, the conceptual and he was in pure fright. 

As after all that he opened his eyes in pure shock, he looked at the sun, it had been an 1. The fights that were in his mind centuries long, was actually just 1 hour. As he looked at the sun, He stared on confusion at everything. He looked at his side and Valriya was gone, she was gone as he remembered what had just happened, as Summari and NIghla next to him told him the begin and the end through their cores he saw it all as he looked at his hand horrified. He looked it all and though to himself as his hand was shanking, as his mana was distabalized and flowing erratically, as he tried to hold himself together from the reality of all. He held his hand as he looked at the sun. He looked right at that golden sunrise: “That’s just, that just horrifying! Do I even… DO I EVEN HAVE FREE WILL?” He started shake even more after asking that question. He was shaking now, even more and more in fright and horror. He wasn’t sure what was right or wrong.  Anymore, he was far to confused form all that had happened. The man, Irane simply sat there alone for some time just trying to not lose his mind. He gripped the seed of Yggdrasil in his had, the remain of Valariya as he simply started to laugh, It was all he could do to no go insane, it was all he could do to contain himself. Tears of fear streamed down his face, while he smiled and laughed. He didn’t even notice his own actions. I was all too much. 

At this very moment, Arai, Hope and Zoe were in their own huts when they heard it. Aliya, Mira, Pandro were all screaming, screaming in pure fear and horror. Dokia was crying, she was crying now in such a frighting fashion. She seems as though she was in horrible pain, she cried and cried as Zoe forcibly put her to spell. As Arai tended to Aliya and Mira while Hope checked on Pandro; It was at that moment as they watched them screaming and crying, in that moment as 8 retuned. After trying to deal with Aliya, Mira, Pandro and Dokia from their last screams as the sun was rising. It was a whole hour as they forcibly put all 3 to sleep. Right as 8 returned to reality that all saw seperate visions: 

Zoe speaks of Enari: He was massive and his voice growled with the nobility of a primordial being reborn. He was prideful but he was also quite exalted, he spoke: “You know I must admit, I really do love you. All three of you in honesty. I know I had felt you cores mana back than, and now I am face to face with the Core of Evolution, Zoe. I am Enari Kazemi!, it is my first time introducing myself as that name, he felt like I needed it, and well I don’t really mind the name. Enari. Well Zoe. It is a pleasure to meet someone who engineered my birth and time of of my life. I am thankful, truly.” Zoe looked at the beast before her as she bowed in respect and stood back up. As she said: “I supposed all I can really say is your welcome!” Enari laughed deeply. I like a woman who just goes with the flow. I really do. I think out of the 3 main cores, yours is defiantly my favourite. Absolutely!” He roared as he asked: Tell me something, what is your greatest desire? Tell me your cores desire Zoe Naval. What would you have me do for you?” The dragon smiled at her, she was confused. As she thought about how her core was indeed gone. She looked at him and replied: “I’ve always simply just wanted a place to call home. A Paradise. I want to have a place where I can just live, and people can just live in peace!” Enari smiled as he replied: “And Are you willing to fight for this paradise? You make it seem like building this paradise. Building this home of yours won’t require you to kill, to destroy people, to annihilate your foes. I tell you know no home can ever truly exist. It must be fought for. It must be defended, it must grow to be ready, it must compete and be challenge. It must never become complacent. It must evolve, and fight. Are you sure you can do that, be that for your paradise. Can you take a life, to protect a life?” Enari’s question made her think back, so far back it made no real sense. To her mother to her village burning, To everyone she loved dying. She saw her mom who couldn’t do what was needed. She looked at Sith and saw what life cost,. .The injuries and the pain, but she also saw how she sacrificed it all for the child. Fo life as she said: “Living in itself is war and conflict. I know that well, so yes. I am fully prepared to kill for my people, for my home, for my children. And my people!” Enari smiled with absolute joy. As he lowered his face to be right ay hers: “Good, Then your wish is my command, I will never give up on fighting for your home!” As he said this unleash golden flame that seemed to burn her. It was burning her, no it was buring on her core. As s track of what seemed liked golden mana marked her very core, as she woke in fright from the flames. She looked at herself, only a simply moment had passed, as she saw, a golden set of strands of her green her, was golden. It was gold as she also noticed how her nails and were also golden now. She was confused as to what he ment as he said: As you wish my Queen my “Zoe Kazemi” 

Hope speaks with iris: She woke up in the forge again, it was different though. Previously It had seemed it was more mechanical in nature, but now it seems alot more organic but still mechanical. It felt like a perfect fusion as a golden straem of light shines all around them. The light seemed to fill the whole room as mixture of 15 different colours seemed also be composed within the golden ore. She ran up to see the forge. Iris was busy creating different tools. As the forge seemed alive. Far more alive than before. As she spoke. Now her voice seemed almost a mix of her’s, Arai’s, and Zoe’s voice. It also seemed ot have a seblance of 2 voices she wasn’t sure of. As heard her speak: “Well if it isn’t her majesty the Empress.” She said in an almost mocking manner. As she continued while laughing: “What would like to forge within my core, ‘your majesty?’. She asked, he form seemed even more detailed. As she tried to focus on her face. Iris seemed confused as she added: “Well if you order a request, im gonna go back to monitoring Irane. See ya Hope Apolo. As she seemed to correct her: “It Ardent. My surname is Ardent. Not Apolo.” Really now Iris said confused. As she spoke, and I am Irane-Iris. The forge master. The very tool, the very body of Irane is my responsibility.” Hope looked at her. And asked a question.: “I wanted to know something, how did 8 save my sister?” Iris looked at her with confusion: “You came for that, really now. Well that was based on a requirement needed for the seal. You see the command objective: “Complete the seal” Required 10 main cores to switch with 10 cores from Irane. Now the 10 cores that she who set the command selected was: The Mind, Heart, Body, Beginning, Ending - Command cores , and the 5 will cores : Spirit{Mind}, Emotion{heart}, Death{body}, Spell{beginning}, Techniques{ending}. 
She selected 10 of the main cores of the full system. It was amazing I won’t. She set them there but ofocurse on order to complete the seal we needed a total of 10 cores. She gave up her core, to the mind, your core the heart and Zoe’s core to the body. Now in order to obtain the remains 7 cores. We needed cores of the people she specifically loved. After all that was the major requirement of the seal after all she loved your core and Zoe’s core the most out of all the cores. So that was the object.” Hope’s eyes widened as she realised what that ment, the seal needed 10 cores, of the 10 people she loved. Iris continued: 
“She loved your core like an equal little sister, she loves Zoe like a little sister, she loved Pandro, like a master loves a student, she loved Dokia, like a woman loves her niece, she loved Aliya as she loved a daughter. She loved Mira as she loved an aggressive friend. She loved herself well, she idolised herself as a goddess in her own mind, so her love for Arai as a goddess who can do no wrong, and the love from Urial. The love of your daughter’s child, the love of a grandmother. And then there is Summari and Nighla. That there is her love for spells and techniques of Kazemi. She seemed vastly instrested as w lived in the last 15 years. SO we just made those 2 from our side. They are in truth the love of all things 8. From the beginning and the ending.” As Hope heard she laughed a bit well so you can focus on emotions. Well you asked right. I want something than.: Iris looked at her with intrigue. Well what would you like Hope Apolo, What would you want my tool to do for you?” As Hope said: “I want your tool to be an emperor through and through, I want the power to conquer the world. Only power can protect it, only power can assist us. Power of a different class. I want the power to rule the world, and the power to protect my home, my Paradise” She was thinking of all the Primals back at home as she said this. Iris smiled as she said, :”Well I don’t really mind putting my core into that: Hope Kazemi!” As she said this a wave of boiling how golden ore streamed and consumed her. She was drown as the golden liquid marked her very core, in a golden ore. She opened her eyes as she looked forward and noticed how her red hair had a golden streak and she looked up, her nails were also now golden. And set, a moment had passed with what seemed like an endless conversation. 

Arai speaks with the Conceptual Kazemi Irane: 
“You truly are an intriguing woman Arai, but now I have you and the cores of all of those you love. Mission Accomplished, I can’t believe how you believed you could keep me bound forever. If you think I can’t break through your little seal. You are sadly mistaken cause now I have a back door. Or did you think I would create the perfect seal, without a way for me to still perceive and experience the world.. You see seem to misunderstand me Arai. I am nothing like what you ahem ever seen. Your little seal is nothing but Childs play for me to break through!, well regardless wait for me Arai, I really will enjoy seeing you face to face, my beloved Arai Kazemi!” He smiled at me. That smile is one that will never for as long as a I live forget. It was pure conquest. He had won, and we were all going to die. That was all I felt in that moment. I wish, I wish I know what I was doing, I can’t believe it, If I knew back than maybe, maybe instead of love, I would have said Seal all my enemies I would have been a better option. Maybe. Maybe but we’ll never know now. He has them 10 cores of the people I love within him. I don’t even get how he did it, how he conceived of if, of that seal like that. What have I done. He’s going to kill us all.” 
These words crossed her mind as Irane returned to the village, he seemed to be walked uncomfortable, they noticed his shaking hands and how his mana to everyone for the first time felt out of control. He walked wobbly to the gate, as he just walked not noticing the people around him. He almost seemed like he was just walking on auto pilot. It wasn’t until 8 heard the voice of Arai who was asking what was going on. He heard that voice and looked in the direction of its origin, the person who spoke to him, he looked towards Arai and moved to her at a speed unrecognised	by anyone present, he seemed to be in-front of her in a second, as he pushed her into the medical, he simply pushed her into a room with Zoe and Hope present, They had walked in after a while from this own personal experiences, As This occured Irane pushed Arai into the room while holding onto her sholders he moved back as he noticed he was scaring her. He moved back while taking deep breaths, as though he was someone who was just learning how to breathe. It was strange ands what was the most strange was how he looked now, he seemed to be golden in colour, his hair was a brilliant gold, his eyes, his scales, all seemed golden while also having a glider of millions of dots all over showing the trillions of cores he had. It was a true gold. As his body, his wing and tail. He seemed like a new person. And he looked and acting normally. His robotic motions were gone, he was really normal as Arai looked on: 
He spoke: You, pointing his finger at Arai, what did you do to me. {Add the scene of when Arai admits to the seal}: S
At this Arai was shocked back she couldn’t move and as she explained them, as she locked at 8 leaning over the table unbalanced, taking heavy breaths. His eyes looked at her, they weren’t those calculating eyes she used ot see, no they were shaking as they stared at her, As she also noticed fort a moment the 5 strands of different coloured hair right next to his right eye, They were White, Green, Red, Blue, Black, as she also noticed how Hope and Zoe looked now, their different hair colours and direct system was set. Now she spoke as she thought back to that day, the day the seal was set as she guilty spoke: 

“The Seal me and Suu were designing was ment to be a proto-type of what sealed Mana. I had seen all of but I knew that the seal would require Ascendent Cores. I used my sister Nina, Hope and Zoe at the academy to study and learn about the Ascendent mana class. As I taught you all how to use Ascended Arts, I was also studying how your cores were working, I was so consumed by it. I had fully set the spell sequence of a level 10 sealing spell. It was a spell capable of sealing the Vraka and Selis Arke twins. It could do it with a proper vessel. I proper container, 
When we arrived her, when we were taken by Toma in that assault, when we were placed into these human bodies 15 years ago. I learnt of humanity and how there were the perfect being to use as a vessel. I perfect vessel. As I study how the human body and cores work together, Minia’s core if space and life/death was amazing at allowing me to analyse mana at a core level. I could study it. And her mana transference technique, what I also added to her spell was a design, a set of mana commands with the main commands to the body. But that design wasn’t perfect, I couldn’t tell a core what to do. So it failed. It was a failur of a test. That is until you. Until whoever made before ‘Z’ entered the challenge. He was also the same, the same as anyone else. He chose a command in his mind, his very first command, the command to forget, to forget it all, to forget himself, I really don’t know what could inspire a man to erase his own mind, his very existence. All that remained of him was the 3 main command: 
1. Don’t Give Up - Evolve 
2. Put your very core into it - Core 
3. {Command} Kazemi! - Kazemi - The task he would put his very will and purpose to. 
His first command was to erase himself, as he did forgetting all he know about himself, second was his command to defeat the Dragon. As far as I can tell that task, that task is why he chose to erase himself. He had over 37.2 trillion Different Attempts, it failed all but 1 time, all but and it took him atleast 50 thousand years, or more like 49 976 Years old. He was that many years old you were 15 years ago now. You are in reality according to your mind 49 991 years old now, that is how old your mind says you are, No normal mind would ever be able to survive all those years, non-stop fighting, it isn’t possible. He must have accepted his fate and erased his memories of himself.” Arai said with somber sadness. A she looked at them who seemed a bit stunned, but none but 8 were confused. As he said: “Is that so, so that’s what Enari was talking about!” That word seemed to make Zoe jump a bit. As he said: “And what command did you put in my head after all that?” Arai looked at the ground as she spoke: When I was setting it up, the seal, I used the main cores. My core, Hope’s core and Zoe’s cores. I was told that I needed to give 10 cores in order to set the seal. 10. And I needed to choose which cores I wanted ot take from the body. Well unfortunately of the being at the centre, I choose the 5 command cores, and the 5 will cores. He had a trick of using what he called will cores. Spirit, Emotion, Deaths, Spells, Techniques. I also aligned those cores. But I made a mistake. I heard wrong.” She stoped and blushed slightly which shocked and caught Hope and Zoe of gaurd, they had never seen Arai make such a face. AS she said:”I wasn’t sure why I heard Love, I really didn’t know, As I ordered him, I felt like giving him an impossible task would do the trick as said those words: “Complete the seal with core of the people Arai Kazemi loves!” I was sure it heard that his command was set to Love Kazmei, I know I heard it right” She said as she blushed in embarrassment. I told you that if you could complete the seal I would be your bride and take the title Kazemi. I would even take my place among the your 5 core command. I would be ordered and I would not disobey. I created I proper key design, and I told him to fishes it.” I didn’t expect him to even in a million years think to connect: Aliya’s, Mira’s, Dokia’s, Pandro’s, and Urials Cores. I really never expected that in a million years. He placed his very will cores within them when he took them, he carved into them his will. His Spirits on Aliya, His Emotions on Mira, His Deaths on Dokia, His Spells on Pandro, and finally his Techniques on Urial. That and the 2 cores of Summari and Nighla, created form the 3 cores of mine, Hope and Zoe’s core. A product of the 3 things I loved. He even, that being even took my own core and used it. He said I loved myself, as though I loved a goddess, and that was fair. As he took my core. 
For the last 15 years, you were tryign to complete the seal. The seal that made you fight and suffer and suffer at Minia, I am so sorry, so very sorry. She started crying more and more at thinking about all Minia did ot him in the last 5 years. As Irane added: “My commands, my commands were created by you. The cores are now your voices, That why you voice is in my head. And yours is in my heart, and why I can feel you well in my body. Your voices are because your cores are in me. And now you’re saying I gave 5 more and took 5 from you. In order to create 2 keys. A key to my will, and a key to my drive.” I can hear Summari and Nighla’s cores. I had ot fight, I had to fight for so long. Because I have t live. All these thoughts came to him as he thought about his core and what was within and that fear well that fear made him understand as he seemed to compose himself a bit, he walked towards Arai and headebuted her, keeping their heads locked together. Blood started flowing down their face, it was hard to tell how blood it was, as 8 spokes: “You seem to be a woman who seems to pride herself on being perfect, so I know that you’ve got a thick head, so let me make this clear... Thank you Arai!, ,Thank you so much for placing this seal on me.” He said this with a massive simile. She expected anger for all she had done, retribution but now it was nothin more that affection and acknowledgement from him to her, the man hugged her and thank her, as he also pulled Hope and Zoe with his wings as he continued to say thank you to them all. He after a few moments passed out. 

It took him a few hours to fully wake up, Summari and Nighla weren’t by his side



[Minia Consa? What does the mother of my children have to with anything? He asked confused. I mean I know she loves me and loves inflicting pain on me, damn I hate that psycho of a woman, I don’t really get why Arai ordered me to sleep with her. So mysteries we shall never know, I guess. He said as Hope and Mira locked at him in confusion. Hope told him that it was her ordering back than not ]


Note Add to the Soul: 
Now Souls must be updated massively. As we will learn the main cores Arai, Hope, Zoe, Summari, Nighla, Aliya, Mira, Dokia, Pandro, and Urial will have are all special cores from 8 which are his perfected command cores and his will cores. We will clarify what each means. 
Now Aliya’s Soul is a similar beasts as Emo, but instead of it being the Emperors emotions, Souls is the different spirits of the Emperor: 
1. Soul of the Mind Core(Arai’s spirit manifest from Irane’s point of view): Time-Lighting ~Core aligned should beasts with a desire which slowly corrupts Aliya for absolute perfection. 
2. Soul of the Heart Core(Hopes):Space-Energy As obtained the 
3. Soul of the Body(Zoe’s): Life/Death-Nature
4. Soul of Begging(Summari): Mastry of the start: All 15 with Harmic/Chaotic-light
5. Soul of the Ending(Nighla)Masrty of the end:  All 15 with Chaotic/Harmic-dark
6. Souls of Kazemi: (Irane’s ‘Core’): Absolute release of Irane Kazemi’s true nature. The full extension of 8’s core, the core that desire to truly experince all things. It is the conceptual’s power within Irane’s Core. It is an absolute forbidden form that Aliya, must NEVER use!

Adapte the names of: 
1. The Spirit of Logos (Spirit of Reason & Logic){Mind}: Time-Lighting-Fire-Ice
2. The Spirit of Thumos(Spirit of of Willpower & Drive){Heart}: Space-Energy-Water
3. The Spirit of Eros(Spirit of Passion & Desire){Body}:Life/Death-Nature-Earth-Wind
4. The Spirit of Phantasia(Spirit of Creation & Imagination){Beginning}: Chaotic—Hamony(Core of Kazemi-All 15 pillars). 
5. The Spirit of Noesis(Spirit of Deep Insight & Intuition){Ending}: Harmonic-Chaos(Core of all 15 pillars)
6. The Spirit of Orexis(Spirit of undifferentiated desire){Irane’s Core): Kazemi’c Core. 
Align all the new names properly with the the right should for her. 
}


Part 5.5: Kazemi Soul!
Irane was lying on the bed. It had been about 6 hours since he passed out. He was tired. SO very tired from the experience, from being born. He had to fight trillions of different version of himself before he even took his true first breath. That mental experience was nothing compared to the realty of what he was. He simply stared at his hand. Staring at it trying to make sense of it all. 
He felt that Summari and Nighla weren’t by his side. But he could tell that they were safe, which the Body and Heart Command cores. He simply lied on that bed. As he shifted his gaze he noticed someone in the room. Staring at him. He felt unsure, as he simply stared and tried to fully grasp himself for 3 hours. As he kept looking at his hand he spoke:”Can I help you little spirit?” 
Aliya jumped and bumped into the table. She had turned invisible with her core as she walked forth holding her head as she laughed slightly. She had been knocked out along side Mira and Pandro from his awaking. She was the first to awaken as she slipped into the room. She stared at him for a moment as she said: “You look different, the golden hair. Gold was my sisters favourite colour.” She said as she looked at him. He sifted his gave from his hadn’t to Aliya. He stared silently for a moment as she moved to site up on the table. He jumped of the bed and walked over to her, she seemed a bit stunned as she simply looked down. She wasn’t sure what was different from their previous chat but he simply stood right before her. As she was staring at the floor, she saw this feet, right before her. He spoke: “That reminds me, I have a promise to fulfil to your sister, I owe her for the name after all. Lets go Aliya, lets go my Soul’s.” 
His Soul? Those specific words made her blush. It was strange but hearing him made her slightly smile to it. She moved to his side as she would normally do as he would hold her hand. Now this made her blush alot more but it also made her ask the simple question: “Is this really Lord Kazemi? He seems so different, he never held my hand before.” She didn’t really put much question as she walked past. 
He looked at her, it was awkward in that moment as he wasn’t sure, he didn’t know if this was the best way he knew how to comfort her. He could tell, she was sad, grief, no sorrow. Those emotions flowing from her true within him, he could feel it well. 
As they walked through the village the noticed both how people seemed in awe in what Irane looked like now. They walked towards the edge of the forest where Dio, Leo and Milla were. They were in a were reminiscing about Valariya. As they spoke, Leo’s tone was judgemental as Dio was in silence. Milla was doing her best to comfort him and shut Leo up. But what finally did it was 8 arriving as he said: “Apologise for interrupting your mourning of Valariya, but I have a promise to keep.” 
They all looked at Irane standing there. Aliya was right next to him, but she didn’t draw her attention. He stared at Dio as he carried on: “I promised your wife that I would place Urial In your care. So I suppose I have come to return fulfil that task.” 
Irane waled forward and stood right in-front of Dio as he continued, the following words felt strange to him but also perfect for the moment: “Understand though that his core is mine. Is that clear?” He asked making sure his point was made. As Dio stared at him for a moment, before he shook his head and replied: “I understand Lord 8!” Irane looked down annoyed at him as he stated: “Good, and my Name is Irane… Irane Kazemi! It isn’t 8!” Aliya and Milla looked shocked more than anything at his name’s reveal. Dio looked forward remember the story, it was clearly the same name as he looked at Irane’s eyes. He finally noticed it. The look in his eyes. He seemed human. His eyes flickered, they had life in them. As Dio kept looking he replied:”Understood Lord Kazemi!” 
Irane was a bit shocked: “Why not call me by my first name and ‘Lord?’ Why call me that. It truly is strange” He thought he moved up. As in the moment Leo laughed, he laughed out loud in pure Rawr of the noise. He looked at Irane as he said:”You’re name, you have a name, well ain’t that interesting the tool was told to have a personality.” He said as he continued to laugh, he laugher irritated Aliya, no it infuriated her as she was about attack Leo as 8 simply held her back and walked towards Leo as he continued to laugh, as Irane stood right before him. He was not laughing, nor smiling and in all rights he looked angry as Leo looked at him and noticed the serious expressions as he tried to add more, he found himself on the ground grasping his stomach in pain. He had been struck by Irane’s tail and was on the ground now. He was squirming on the ground in pain. As Aliya looked on and laughed at him, while Milla and Dio simply stood there in confusion and shack as Irane walked back to them and asked: “Milla, would you mind acting as a surrogate for Urial. He is only a 2 months old. I need to remove the will core from the forge or he will die in there. I will place my tool Iris in your body and it will implant Urial right in the correct space, and don’t be worried it will only be a 7 month pregnancy and a plump and you can go back to being your thin self.” He said so with a wide smile. It was strange to see him so expressive, it was far to strange as Milla looked down blushing at the request, She wasn’t sure about how well of an idea this was as Irane continued: “I would have asked My mind(Arai), heart(Hope) or body(Zoe), but they are still recovering from having my Soul, Emotions, Spells and Death, as well as my Begging and Ending too. So you’re the only other woman who is both old enough and you also have a special tool/beast of mine, so its cleat you can handle it.” Milla wants sure but she looked at Dio, she asked him if it was okay for her to di this as Dio spoked: “I would love for you to have the child. I don’t think Valariya would trust anyone better then you for her child.” She teared up a bit at this a she told Irane she would do it, but asked it she needed to sleep with him to move Urial into her body. 
Irane froze to this request as he said: “Apologies, I would prefer only three woman and you darling aren’t one of them. I will simply place Iris, the key to my forge inside your and she will place urial within you. It will take about a week to complete.” 
As he explained a disk appeared with what seemed like a marble in its centre. I floated right into Milla lower abdomen, As Irane added: “You will feel a bit sick for the next week so note that.” As he completed this act he started to walk away, grabbing Aliya’s hand as he did so, he said a simple line: “I know lose is a painful thing, but understand that you are responsible for that life now Dio, Milla. Valariya is dead, mourn her, cry for her, remember her, but don’t stop living for her. You have a son, so now your duty is of a father. And thank you Milla, I really do appreciate you.” He said as he walked away with Aliya. As they entered the first back to the village along the way. They stopped as Irane crouched down, in the same hand grasping Aliya, he placed an object there as he said to her: “Don’t you ever forget, your sister always wanted to stay by your side. What that is, is a seed of Yggdrasil. I needed to modify it greatly within Valariya. I must admit, connecting it with my universe is a strange event I did but well, it is what it is, The tree will grow and have a connection to my universe. As a result you will be connected to all cores connected to the tree, even those who were connected to it. It holds the memories of those who were. Their true memories, meaning right now in that seed, Is the memory of Valariya. And you can converse with her whoever you want.” As he moved even closer to Aliya he continued: “But I want you to understand, this is a memory. It is and will never be your sister, Okay.” 
He said as he gave Aliya a gentle embrace.” As he walked her back to the gate. She was still tearing up in her eyes. He left her by the entrance and went the old cave he was, he passed at and went on to the tree where he waken earlier that day. 
For him today was in a way his birthday. The day Valariya died, was the same day he in a way came to life. He sat there simply staring at the horizon. He was still not sure on anything. He wasn’t even sure what he was. He was still terrified of his own power, his own ability. He was glad for the seal that Arai forced on him,. It saved them, it protected all the people. And it made sure he wasn’t a monster. But he felt a large gap. A large whole in his mind, that felt like it couldn’t be filled. More importantly… there nothing in that section. That space felt like it was out of his reach. He feared it more than anything. More than anything as he sat there. He smiled as tears started to flow. It was in that moment clear to him. He saw it as he looked within himself. The 10 cores that were others, The feelings he had. It was clear that he was in fact a Tool/Beasts object. And worst of all he did this to himself. He couldn’t stop seeing the signs of his work. The mutilation of his mind, was not the work of an outside force, No he did it to himself and he felt even more lost. He simply sat there as tears streamed down. His face didn’t alter in expression, he was dead pan looking at the horizon. The sun was on the other side and all he could see was the ocean. The vast amount of water. It was as though he was trying to drown himself in that sea. 
At this moment Mira woke up from the medical hut. As she looked on at Emo, she saw how it was in the Crane form, and it was getting larger. As she saw its mana and energy rising. She felt the grief flowing from it to her. She felt the sadness as it also shifted to the shadow serpent form. It was dancing g between these forms. She felt it all as she ran out with Emo. She went searching as she wasn’t sure why Emo was acting like this, but she knew, more than anything these were the emotions of 8(Irane). 
Soon it turned into the hatred wolf form and it was massive in its form. It was raging and unleashing its mana everywhere. As Mira looked at Emo in his hate form. The rampaging mana reminded her of that day in the lab. She was scared. No she felt the hatred and she moved in to contain it, As she did she tried to constraint the emotions as she realised. The hatred of the wolf was directed at himself, It was raging as hatred for itself grew more and more. The look in Emo’s eye was pure hatred as it attacked her. She pulled Constraint to block. The power from the strike sent her flying back. It was to attack all that was Irane. The core within Mira was his after all and so he moved in and attack, as he did Mira tried to block and attack back, only to realised she couldn’t damage Emo. No more like he was a part of her. She couldn’t stop him as Emo kept pressing forth. Emo-Malice rawered as it spoke: Kazemi’s Will: “Concentrated Hatred”, it was an attack that seemed to compact all Irane’s hatred into a Rawr that offer flowed throughout the area. It made Mira place on knee on the ground as she tried to resist. It made her feel and remember all that she hated throughout her life. All of it came to her at once, and it made her stager as she tried to control herself. She was immobile as Emo-Malice went in to strike her, Hope appeared and paired the move with her own blade: “Temper” it was different from her old blade in a way, no it was an upgrade of “The Reach” As Emo-Malice was forced to back and moved through the trees. Hope seemed different. Her mana was flowing uncontrollably and it was overwhelming. She was gripping her chest and taking deep breaths. She went down as Mira who was also shaken up moved to her sisters side. The look and feel of Hope and her mana was intense. It was clear she was being affected by Emo-Malice. Hope looked as though there was something trying to get out of her. As Emo-Malice moved in to attack Hope, Mira moved her taking the blow. Emo couldn’t damage her, but she still felt the impact and pain from the strike. As Hope went down in what seemed like she was trying to control her mana as Emo unleashed Conctrated Hatred again, this time Mira went on 2 knees as her hatred was even greater then before. Hope was no on the ground crying in pain as Emo went in to attack her, a claw seemed to manafest from Hope and knock Emo-Malice back. As Mira looked on in shock and confusion as a dragon seemed to manifest from Hope. She had a beast now, as it unleashed a Rawr that’s sent shockwaves throughout the island. It was clear that the beasts mana was on a different class as it moved in to attack Emo. They clashed for a while as the dragon(Dima) moved in and attacked Emo. They clashed and destroyed large sections around them as after some time a new beasts appeared and attacked both the dragons nd wolf. 
“It seems you both really have no idea how to control your beasts, let me show you how it’s done.” Zoe appeared as she spoke, As Aphexia moved in and pulled the 2 beasts down into the ground, it was clear who was in this case superiors. It started absorbing the excess mana from Dima and also pinned and grounded Emo to the ground with what seemed like plant binds. 

At this moment Irane still sat by the tree as Hope appears next to him. She seems a bit roughed up as she walked to him: “You know crying alone is never a good idea?” Hope said she popped out from the Irane left side, she leaned on the tree as she smiled at him, she was clearly from a fight or a scurmish as she looked rough. She smiled as Irane looked at her. He had this sadden smile on his face, as tears streamed down, as Hope asked: “Do you need a shoulder to cry on?” Irane chuckled slightly as he replied: “Yeah, I would love one right now.” As Hope moved in and sat right next to him, he stared deeply at the horizon. They sat there in the sniffles from Irane as he stared. Finally the silence was broken as he said: “I don’t get it, I really don’t. I mean why? Why would some not want to die so badly, I can’ help but hate myself for it. This massive gap in my mind, it feels like it was torn and ripped up from within. I erased everything about myself. Worst of all now I can’t remember anything. I don’t know anything. I feel lost and nothing makes sense. So why, why would he do this, and why would I erase my own mind, why would I not just die? I don’t understand why he wanted to win so badly. I wish I knew, I really wish I knew…” 
Hope stared back at him as he returned to his silence. He seemed a bit lost in that question. As she looked at him she moved in and leaned next to his left shoulder: “You aren’t ‘Z’, so I don’t understand why your so obsessed over a dead man and why he did what he did, in all rights your Irane no Z. I think you don’t really understand how your you and he was him. You aren’t the same are you?” Hope looked up to see his expression and reaction to her question. He frowned slightly as a short silence as he spoke: “There’s a major difference between reincarnation and rebirth… Nothing that has ever lived can be returned, All that dies remains dead, it is a universal law in a way. I saw it, as I within the veil in the very centre of reality, life and death. Cores, Mana, it is all one thing in a way. But more than that. When I… well the best way to say it is when I woke up in that space, I didn’t know anything. I knew my name was Irane and that was it. Irane was my name and I also knew what that all ment, it felt like I woke up from a very very long dream, and I don’t remember what happened in the dream, only the feelings from it remain to me now, names, titles and knowledge and feelings. That is all that is. Who I was, well I can’t even hear my old name anymore, anytime someone says it I just hear static, I don’t think I can even remember or know him if I tried and learned everything about him. And that what makes it all so much worse. I can’t even learn about him. I am not whoever my creator is, no I am Irane Kazemi, and that is a fact! You’re right, but still Hope I really do wish I could understand the reason he went to such lengths for. I am not him, trust me I know that, but I do wish I knew why he went to such lengths, I would be nice.” He leaned his head onto Hope’s shoulder. As he did, Emo changed from Malice to Grief and Love form, in-between and Aphexia Finally let Dima go. As she finally relaxed. {Note: Crono, Dima and Aphexia are all female}. 

As in some time Irane simply relaxed next to Hope, in a moment he stood up and walked with her to the others, As they passed by Mira, Zoe and the others, Irane laughed and apologies for the trouble he caused them as he seemed a little more at peace now. 