Part 4.4 Reality!
 No As Cai was discovering all this in the week. Minia was on full throttle for her wedding ceremony. Now the binds within her were set and she hadn’t since 8 in a week, the last order she gave him was to prepare for their wedding. It was this order that took him a full 10 minutes to respond to that allowed the chains to comepletly bind to Arai, Hope and Zoe’s cores. They were set and now they were disintegrating with Minia, becoming their primordial forces. The true core of Summari, and Nighla were also still within 8. What they were in reality were the cores with the command structure of Summari and Nighla’s core. Same at Arai, Hope and Zoe’s bodies right now, the children’s “true cores were still within 8” They forced Minia into a state of Pregnancy, Now we stated that they latched on to Arai, Hope and Zoe’s cores. But what the 2 cores were, in reality were also command cores too, that forced Minia into a state of Pregnancy, a pregnancy that would last 5 years. 
Now The children cores of Kazemi would normally take a full 10 years to fully develope(Which explains why their pregnancies lasted so long, they were committed to support outside a syste best suited for them). Only if the children were born in either Arai, Hope or Zoe’s body would it have lasted 9 months. [Their births are premature (5 years not ten, based on Minia’s own actions. Will explain soon)]. 

The wedding was massive and all the people were watching as we cut to Minia who called Mira in to have a chat before her moment, It was a strange set up, as Minia was in her wedding dress while Mira was wearing her slight pink dress. She didn’t like the girly attire but she was asked to act some bride’s maid for the wedding. She did it as an order and accepted it. Now it’s important note that she had just come her chats she has with Hope, they bring her body to the Consa Mansions so they can talk(Mira talking to her unconcious sister). But before that the conversation between Mira and Minia. 

As she entered she was slightly annoyed t=at this all. She was on her way to see her sister after all, but Minia interrupted her, that one thing that was keeping her loyal, and it annoyed Mira. But Minia well, she wasn’t to pleased with Mira either, simply because of the rumours. In all rights they shouldn’t have mattered but it felt as though she needed ot defend her territory from a vulture, and it was clear, her seal, her hypnoses had made her dislike Mira over the childish rumours, and it was clear. As she told her plainly: “I wanted to remind you Mira, as you go and see your sister, that I am keeping her alive, and I am the only reason she is alive right now. 
Mira looked at Minia with a scowl. She knew but why remind her now, what would she gain by present facts now, it made no sense as she continued, : “Remember you aren’t some Empress, and you never will be, are we clear!” 
This statement shocked Mira, it also confused her, is that really it, is that really what this is about, she wanted to tell me that,? Mira thought to herself, as she simply replied: “Understood. Can I see my sister now?” She was annoyed, she was confused but she didn’t care, all she wanted to do was speak to Hope, she hadn’t seen her in 2 years cause of the war, and she really really wanted to see her sister face again. 

As Minia with venom replied: “Yes, and make sure you are late my bride’s maid!”

She is wired to a machine helping her heart beast as it didn’t beat, not at all. 
She was there in the mansion as Mira handn’t spoken to her sister in 2 years due to the war, she told her all about her victory: As we see: 
“As Mira saw her comatose body she sat down and held her hand, she didn’t show it but she was so relieved to see she was fine, as she told her all about her time all about the war and most of all the danger of 8 and his core’s effects on her as she continued: 
“I won’t lie sis, he really has me believing in him too, 8 mean. I know what he is, I really do. He’s not a man, but a tool, I know that. I also know he was ordered ton act like champion guy but honestly I don’t see that. I really don’t. That champion Minia was preaching about, that one that people in this damn city keep whispering about doesn’t exist. Which worries me. He seems more that kiddy story that this brainwashed children keep talking about. I saw that guy in the battlefield sis, not Minia little Champion, but the Emperor. He was a leaders, not a soldier, he was precise and wise, and I can’t lie he was so inspiring.” She says she holds and grips Constraint resting on her hip. As she continued: “She had the gall to tell me not to be the Empress? What stupid nonsense, why tell me, she should have told that to Cai not me, everyone knows the she’s who they were calling Empress. She really didn’t like it. But what could she do about it. 
People love to talk sis! But really I don’t know how long I can keep myself together anymore, I can feel it more and more each passing day sis. His influence really is starting to effect me more and more, I saw how Cai was annoyed by it, and I did warn her to, to bad. 
I really am starting to believe, and I’m not talking about the Champion, I don’t believe in that and I never will, but the Emperor, I really will start seeing him as one, I could believe in that, I really could. It scares me. The way he challenged me and forced me to control myself, well anyways sis. I’ll catch you later. I need to go be a stupid brides maid in this stupid wedding. Honestly it’s funny and sad when you think about it, She had to order him to marry her, its kinda pathetic if you think about it, the only way she could find a man was to force a tool of a being to marry her. Of course she did, no man would be stupid enough t marry that witch. Almost makes me wish he would marry Cai and be the Emperor. Well whatever, enough living in a fairy tale, love you sis” She says as she kisses her forehead and heads out. 

Now we continue to the wedding ceremony as the event is being displayed all over. The venue grand in all respects, far ot grand for a normal wedding, even more grand for a wedding between nobles. No Minia ment to make a statement with this weeding, she spared no expense, to make it in her words, a wedding fir for a ‘Goddess’. As it was set, the whole city was part of it, as symbols and art peices were all over the city. They had turned the celebration of victory in the 2 year war into a celebration of the wedding of their hero. 8 He was loved in all respects by everyone in the city. There was a reaction to 8 in all sorts of ways, and even if though some were cheating for their Champion, while others changing for their “Emperor” Everyone was chanting. Even those who hated him, even the children who saw him ripped away where chanting, they had served the war, they had all survived. Non one could ne sad on such a day. And his name was tied ot it, As the city boomed at seeing walk to the alter: 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8. That name was echoing though the city, it was crying out in every direction, all the million on million of Primals screaming this one man name. It was a spectical. As we see 8 standing in a dazzling black-silver suit, while having Pandro and Nevir standing by as his best man. 

Minai’s entrance didn’t inspire the same explosion, no it had its own sober beauty. She was a gem gleaming from the Summerset sun, she was shining in all regards as all simply stared in awe at her beauty, the city’s eyes were all on her and she could feel it, she was on a pedestal in their eyes… As Mira and Sofia flanked her, as she walked down the glemoring runway. It was perfection in its detail. As she would have also have Cai, (but this also adds to the events moving forward), she wasn’t present next to Minia’s side as always, no not all all. As Mira and Sofia held Up Minia’s dress from her left and right side. Minia had felt it like it would send a public message: “Look and watch you who see her as some so called empress, as she holds the goddess veil.” This was ment to lower her in the eyes of the people, but did no such thing, as they only saw the right and left hand 8. The champions strongest-warrior and his General. Were all they saw. But it would also be all that people would need to see… 
As Minia looked at 8 lovingly she activated her spell. She knew it would take 11 minutes at most for him to reply as she ordered him in quite: “Say yes to marrying me.” As the master of ceramics began the wedding. The were was a strange pressure in the air as eye looked at Minia, and Minia noticed a very small detail, one that confused her for a second, then a minutes… he didn’t squint his eyes at her, no he just started at her, no shift at all. As though he hadn’t heard her. As the elder continued he didn’t react at all, as Minia felt it for the first time, the pressure, the feeling of it made her uncomfortable, it was scary to her, as she started breathing heavily and her bruise on her neck started to sting, it was now boring her.. She felt as though he was staring right at her core the whole time. It was new to be seen by him like this. As the elder asked Minia if she marry 8 and take him as her lawfully wedded wife? “I do!” She said while staring at 8, she was smiling but it was an uncomfortable smile one that disordered her expression into a forced smile. As all watched in confusion as the elder continued: 
“And you Eight, do you take Minia Consa to be your lawfully wedded wife, and inherit into the house of Consa from this day forth?” 
As after a long, long pause 8 replied: “No, I don’t!, I don’t love you… Minia Consa!”

This shocked everyone in the city, it sent a wave of shock and surprise as he said this, but for Minia, for Minia it did something far worse to her, an effect that could never be undone, as this was the first time he had ever said her name, and his cores effect on her was now direct. He could see her core, her actual core and so his cores effect of reflection was now at work on her too. And that rejection, started fighting and pulling against hypnosis of Namo to love the champion and the legend were no pulling on her mind. She was losing it, and she felt it, in that instance. Those words, that he didn’t love amplified by his core, fighting with the hypnotic effect of Namo’s curse acted at once on her. In that moment what she felt was absolutely contradiction of emotions which made her stick at him, at his throat a swipe of life/death mana slashing not at the body but at the space his body, it was a type of attack from her core and he couldn’t heal it properly as Minia now in her fury had 8’s throat in her hands. It sent a massive scene of shock, as in a moment after Minia noticed what she had done, as 8 was on the ground, gripping his throat bleeding, Minia was terrified, as her white dress was drenching in his blood, as she screamed at him to heal himself, as he didn’t move, no not at all. He couldn’t heal it, but the damage was being done, then in a moment in a single stroke of pure fury, dread and hatred Mira struck Minia., the combindation of emotions enhance by Constraints effects hurt Minia badly, very, very badly. As she was now on the ground riving in pain, as Mira went in for a second strike that would have killed Minai Nevir and Pandro moved in and block Mira from delivering the final blow, as Nevir would note how his body moved to protect Minia as almost instinctive as he would mortally wound him, than be restrained by Sofia and Pandro after the effect.” It was a major shock as Minia would take 8 with her claiming she was going to heal him, Nevir was also rushed too hospital for treatment, while Minia went to her facility on Earth instead. Mira was also imprisioned and taken into custody for assaulting Minia, which made people even more confused on what was going, on it spread a lot of rumours very quickly as a Cai would watched from on the screens in the hospital room in the consa house she was with Simon, as they both watched in horror as Cai was suffering from headaches. She kept seeing that flashing interaction from the begin and End cores inside Minia, she was taken by Simon. 

Now as teh day was unfolding we saw how Cai was taken to be healed after her week of going though 8’s designs in a week, she was beyond week, and she was getting weaker by the second, she could feel it her mind was being forced to think about how to complete the seal now, it was as though the 2 cores were tryning to connect to her like they should to complete a command sequence, Like them sending the log back of material left while performing a task, just reporting back the progress. And she couldn’t take it. 
Now Simon was there as a reveal to have started infiltrating the House of Consa 10 years ago along side the body of Zoe when she was Cai. And also revealed that he was the one who helped her in infiltrating, as he speaks to Cai on what was going on that day. After the events of the wedding. As people were in a panic. He revealed himself to her and even told him that Suu was an informant for the resistance and that he was actually in Ascen on the day of the Assault on Mana Academy to get Intel from him. He even added the detail of the secret study that only Arai and Suu know of where they planned their experiments on creating the seal. This was all a lie and a half. He was in reality Suu/Auvum and he wanted her too trust her, she used the information from Simon on the resistance and his own try knwlegde to craft this lie. It was brilliant. In all realities he was here to save her. As she from the resistance side, they ordered him to infiltrate the Consa 10 years ago, Before all the events occured with 8. He was told it was important by Crimi and that I would need to be very careful and keep an eye on any dangerous elements. 
He had been watching her for the last 5 years as Cai in order to get her out but also gain intelligence for the resistance. He was sending back reports on all teh events he had seen, up until their victory announcement 1 week back. And now after all the insanity she needed to speak to Cai and get the full story.

Arai at this point was in fully overwhelmed by all the recent events and worst of all, she couldn’t think straight anymore, she needed to switch with Hope ASAP: 
Cai had just explained all the events of the story from her side, from her first 5 years here to the birth of 8, to their attempt to seal him, and the current situation their in now. He heard it all and in all honesty took it far better then any person should which in all rights was scary. As he paused a very long time processing what was happening, he wasn’t sure what was real and what wasn’t as Arai insulted him, even calling a fool in multiple instances in the conversation.  Ash Simon asked her a simple question: “How are you stilll alive?” It was a valid question, one which she had no answer for, if her core, her soul was inside of 8 now, than how is she alive? Being in Cai was a simple question to explain, as she said Zoe created her, she was expeireince not his mind, but his body, his core, that made him, him. The DNA of the core of 8. It was with this that she reflex-ably created the body with a part of 8. She made it sound like a simple task, to crreate a body, oh it wasn’t but Arai had in the 5 years she was captured and reearching alongside Minia for 5 years, she was studying ‘Humans’ - the perfect seal, the ones with the key to completing her seal for the Vraka Twins, Humans had the key t the seal. They were the key. She noticed how there was no longer the life drainage effect for Hope and Zoe when they used their Gaia and Cronus’s Beast and Tool’s they had. The human body was the perfect counter(Note how mana created humans to deal with Vraka and Selis). The human body, and making a body was something she knew well, and creating model of a body capable of hosting their minds, was simple work, and she placed Zoe to create it with Hope’s mana to included. This was the plan, just in case something went wrong. 
Arai looked at him confused and annoyed: “Did you not here a word I just said, about how he in reality some kind go Engine of Experince, as far as I’m concerned he might be streaming my consciousness back to this body, I don’t know Simon, what part of I don’t understand anything didn’f resonate in that mind of your, I don’t know anything anymore. That thing has taken understanding and thrown it out the window. As Cai gripped her head in pain, Simon added: “But if you can’t command him because his’s still executing your unfinished order, does that mean he has been acting under the assumption that he has been getting orders from you?” 
CAi looked at him, confusion as he asked: “That means Minia never needed the cores of Hope and Zoe, she in reality only needed your core?” 
Cai smiled as she stated: “Well of course, but Ember and Minia together aren’t smarter than me you know, Minia was intelligent but she needed to rely on Ember for the seal. Ember could see the outer layer, she could see what he was made of n the surface, My, Hope and Zoe’s cores, but she didn’t see the deeper layer like me. My mana is apart of him, so I hope and Zoe’s we are a part of him. He is in all regards placed 3 cores with commands, at the core I have in my body is sending the message “Love Arai Kazemi”{She blushed at this fact, she was wrong, she misheard, love of all things, I can’t believe it}. I’m not sure on the details. But I think I traded our cores with whatever was within him in order to have the seal constructed. I think that’s what has operating on him. And I think it has something to do with that 4th core, that core …Kazemi, that name is definitely the name of the Primordial God in the universe Kazemi. I am sure of it, the trail, is the only anchor point, something from there there maybe, I don’t know… 
All I know Simone, all I really know is that we only have less than 5 years. 

Listen I’m going to hand this body over to Hope, Luckly we have a winderful opportunity. You need to help me get to her and hand this body to her, I’m lucky I found you. I was about to hand this body to her anyways, but having you around ot explain everything to her will make things move a lot quicker. Help her Simon, and be careful who you trust. Seriously. This word is now his world.” 

Simon wasn’t sure how to take it all but to take it at face value. As They raced over to transfer the body. They were lucky as Mira had her sister moved there on that day, and that right now, not a lot of people were watching her. Simon felt with 5 few guards stationed by Hope’s room. As she entered Arai looked at Hope’s body, as she grabbed her and and whisper quietly something in her Hope’s ear, making sure Simon didn’t hear: “The choice is your and yours alone to make”
As in a moment Cai was on the ground unconscious over Hope’s body, Simon was confused as she carried him along with her. As they left the Consa house as a lock down was taking place. 

It took a while for her wake up, Simon had left her Cai’s unconscious body to the house that Valariya were housed in, in Heaven. They had what was a large communal house packed with 50 rooms. Built with their owns hand and the hand of 8. Who ordered it made and help build it. It was in his words to Valariya: 
Varaliya asked him in a flashback of 2 years ago, on when the house was built: “Why, why pretend like you care, why are we building this house for?” 8 looked at he had been working day in and out as she spoke: “Well honestly, I’m doing this use you, for what your best at!” 
Valariya was confused, as she asked: “What do you mean use me?” 8 turned back tp the house, his back facing Valariya, his wings works like a second pair of arms as they moved working on the wall construction with his hands. As he spoke: “Well the children around you all seem a lot less, scared than most children. They seem to like you, you seem to uplift the children somehow and make their cores shine, so I thought I’d give you a place where you will continue ot do that. The more conformtanble the children, the better they will perform when it is time for them to obtain their cores, and a place to call home when they return from the war. We all need a home to come back to, something to fight for, to die for. And there is no nobler spirit for a soldier, then a soldier with a home to protect, for they know, of they fail, their home would be destroyed. That is what it means to fight for a cause, and that is a very honest cause to fight for! Or do you disagree? Valariya Hallow?” 
She didn’t know how to react, she knew, she knew he was a tool, she heard that monster. But she also have her core to him, so she could still be with her sister. So even she knew, no she hoped that he would be something good in there and she was seeing that, ot was she, it was hard to know, as he stood up and helped she kept asking the question… As the words of 8 interrupted her internal questions: “I really do like the way your core shines, Valariya Hallow!” As we see a smile making her face now. As he continues: “I like how your core shine when you help people!” That was what made him the emperor to her to, she always spoke with a heighten enthusiasm when telling the story now to kids, her story, her Faity-Tail was now being told with a renewed love for it in her now. 


Part 4.5: Prophesy vs Fairy-tail

As Cai(Hope) opened her eyes in the house she was confused as she woke, and in a daze as she felt her chest, her heart wasn’t beating, no it was, but it wasn’t. She felt these 2 contarditory feelings at once as she felt the heart of the body Cai beating while she also felt her own heart wasn’t beating, wait how was she feeling the heart beat and her own heat, no she was feeling the echoing from The core of the Begging and the Ending. But unlike Arai who felt the though, she felt the heart and the space, she could feel the mana, the heart, and she could fell the remaining mana in the heart, the 5% Remaining mana, she didn’t experince it as a log report, no she felt it like a container, the space, all over his body, the remaining mana in 8’s body is what she was feeling, his heart, his total mana. And it worried her. She remember but she was confused, the last thought in her mind was of the rant she heard from Mira about Minia and Cai asnf this Empress thing, and also Arai’s last word, it my choice, what choice Arai, as she thight of Arai, a flood of thoughts flowed though her mind, information data in all thing Cai’s mind had, it was like Arai had left a imprint, a kind of connection or clone of herself in her mind that would give Hope all the information Arai knew as Cai, It was everything all the horrors, the experiment’s and the cruelty, even the last bits of tourture ot Ember, Now Ember suffred from the last 2 events from 8’s design, while Arai saw the 37.2 billion designs as thought, within the week. The reason Ember only experienced 2 events was how long the fight took place in terms of time, we stated how the last fight between 8 and Enari was a total of 1 minute, while we can now add the 2nd last fight before this one lasted a week. 
Embers core experesend the design 8 had made for the 2 final fights, where he truly shined and exceeded exceptions in all rights, and she beared her core to the design on the battle, the spells, the words exchanged and it embedded in her, but it was in all righst also a curse as it burned her, drove her into a state of near insanity, talking in riddles for 5 years, making no sense. 

Now Hope had all that, but before she looked at all the data Arai had stored she heard Valariya telling the story to all the children in the house, it seemed like a ritual in a sense, the children looked battered and bruised, many looking as young as 5, as she watched them, it wasn’t any different from the child hood she knew, it was in a way exactly like her home with the Apolo clan. How the children were trained and woven to defend the Wov Clan, it was a lot for a child and she saw it here, but they had something different in their eyes then the children she grew up with, it almost seemed like a spark was light in them, as she listened to Valariya telling the story, as she heard and watched the expression and faces all changed as she told that story, they Fairy-tale, that made all the children smile and laugh with pure joy, she was confused why it was possible and that story that was it in its full, as she asked herself if the Goddess in the story was the same one Mira was taking about, she heard her say ot, she heard everything in that immobile body, so there was no doubt in her mind that the 2 events needed to be connected, as Cai as Empress, those words from Mira passed her mind, what could I mean as she tried to reason it all. And what she came to what simply it was connected. She listed and watched the reaction the children had to the story and the warmth of it made her stay to watch, she listed to her tell the whole story. 
As when she was done, Cai appeared to her, Valariya wasn’t all that shocked to see her there, but her aura, felt different from what she was used to and it made her flinch. As Cai asked her, where did you read that story from? As Valariya paused, Cai seemed to be staring daggers through, she was scared, that story was from a book, that Aliya found in some dark locked door in the library, it worried her to admit that so she simply admitted: “It was a story my father used to tell use before we would sleep.” Cai stared at her suspiciously, really now, why don’t you tell me more about it…” 

No Simon left Cai there and returned the Consa house as he didn’t want to let the 10 years he had spent infultrating them go to waste. But Hope was lucky as Arai had left something in the mind of Cai, it was her memories, but Hope couldn’t fully experince them, no she wasn’t in a way built for the mind, no she built from the heart so what she experienced where the emotions of Arai as Cai, not the memories and from that she could tell Arai cared for the children. She genueilny wanted them to win and not the Ascen during the trails, she wanted to protect them and she developed the alterations to the Consa’s brainwashing to an object that in her her belief could protect them, Arai admited it herself, she saw 8 as someone to impress and she would impress him by ensuring more of the children graduated. That and making sure they were skilled enough to survive that is how her faith was retuned in Arai’s perspective, and Hope could feel an intense sense of emotion from Arai’s emotions with the memories. 
It was to overwhelming, far far to much as she fell down while feeling it, the feelings connected to 8, the feelings of hers. On him were applified and brought her to the ground, as Valariya saw this she was scared, and not sure how to handle the situation, it seemed to her as though Cai was having a heart attack, but more then that, and she could tell. As she called Aliya and told her to grab Constraint. Mira had left it in the house as no weapons were allowed in the ceremony. As Valariya took the blade from Aliya as she ran carrying it. As it landed on Cai’s hand it bagged to glow, and it seemed to charge up based on the emotions flowing through it. It didn’t just constraint and draw on Mira’s emotions and weaponising it, all the additional emotions the feelings of emotional boost was gone. As Hope held the blade, it altered to store the emotions themselves as though storing it as energy, she held it up, she held the blade Mira had wielded, it was impossible, it shouldn’t have been possible for her to do that, but she could due to how all of 8’s tools work which in ‘simple’[In reality insane] terms, requires the user, the person simply needed to place their cores into the tool. Now of course  there is a limitation placed that only specific cores can access a specific tool. Like 8’s core’s can enter any of his tools, as well as the main core it was built for, The core core she had, the Nature-Water core of Cai was a core of Kazemi, so she could wield Contrast, not only that, she could wield all the tools of Kazmei. She had the ‘key’ to all the tool 8 had made.

Hope now had Constraint, and best of all, it altered to not use emotions, but enhanced to store them to. Valariya stood in silence, she wasn’t sure why it was so special to cat in confusion, well yeah of course you can weird it. No in all realities it was impossible, she felt like she had her old weapon back{Note update the original tool for Hope to a tool The Reach into a tool made by Cronus, and the beast Aphexia from Zoe to originality be from Gaia}. 
Now as Cai held the blade, she was amazed it how it felt in her hands, it was like she was weirding her original weapon the Reach, it was similar, yet different, it felt like she was supposed to have it, yet she could also tell it wasn’t a weapon she should of had. As she examined it after the emotional wave hit her. She realised that whenever she thought of 8, her emotions would spike, no it was the emotions of Arai when she was Cai, and her body was still effected by 8’s core, now still, everytiime she tried to get information on 8 in her mind, her emotions would consume her, even Constraint was having a hard time channeling those emotions as they were. No its wasn’t the blade it was simply proof of how much of an effect his core had on Arai. 

Valariya was confused by how Cai was acting, it wasn’t like the ‘Cai’ she knew and it worried her as she checked on her, even asking if she had a fever and all that, Aliya also looked confused but it was because of what she saw, she could see the ‘soul’ and core of Cai, for her it was clear… the spirit in the body wasn’t the original one, as she asked in a innocent manner to Cai: “Who are you?” Valariya looked confused as Cai got up and sheath Constrain, she looked at them, she felt drawn to them, no she felt Arai’s emotions as she felt a warm feeling come over her. As she said in a delighted smile, well it’s not like she had anything to lose by speaking to these children, she was confused and in a way lost. So why not as she explained everythgi she knew to them. That she was Hope Apolo, and of all the tests and experiments of Minia and them 10 years ago now, and even on how she watched 8 get created and how she gave her core to Arai. She had been comatose for the last 10 years, but she could still hear, she could hear all th thing Mira told her over the years as she spoke to her body. And she knew alot of what Mira was doing, and why, it made her feel guilty and scared. 
Now as they heard all of this Valariya and Aliya were confused, shocked and even worried as they told about the events that just took place: 
About the weeding, the events after the weeding and how it was effecting the people. People were scared and confused and they could see it in the streets, as people shouted for answers, answers that only came from their own rumours. They had seen it, how 8 said she didn’t love Minia, those words, those words created so many theories within the city, they saw how Mira had attacked Minia after she hurt 8, they saw her injure Nevir, as he stood in to protect her. They saw it all, but they reasoned it differently. 

The people who were in a moment cheering and celebrating the name of 8, now started to divided in their confusion as now it slowly became clear that there were 2 perspectives, Cai -in disguise, Valariya and Aliya all wondered the city that night as people screamed at each other: 
“Why, would he not love his goddess?, one asked as another replied: “Well isn’t it obvious, he said he didn’t love Minia, so clearly he loves someone else, right.” Yes that must have been the truth as another screamed: “Ofcourse, he must have been in love with Cai, you all saw how close they were in the war, she never left his side, and he always left her incharge!” Those words confused Hope, what did they mean by Cai and 8 were secretly in love, as she remembered the last words she heard from Mira while still in her main body, on hoe Minia had treated her and called her: “Some wanna-be Empress” And how Mira ranted about how, she should have been scolding Cai instead of her. It came to her as they watched more and more gather, 
“What do you mean he loved Cai, he clearly loved Minia, right?’ No than why would he say he didn’t love her. as many more people joined it was clear to Valariya what each were discussing it even became clear to her on the people. 

She was there in the war, in the battlefield, and she recognised many of the people, the soldiers who were there on the battlefield all referred to Cai as Empress, while many of the citizens, people whom she saw as odirnalry people, all called Minia Goddess, it was clear. As Valariya would tell the story of the Emperor to the children during the war, even now, she never told the first half, she was never a fan of it really, but the emperor story, now that story resonated with her, she had loved that one as it reminded her of her fathers story. It was Aliya who noticed it first, how they were all talking about the same book, she had read the full book, the 1st part of the Champion and the 2nd part of the Emperor, she knew it all and idolised it all. She was in a way like Pandro the only others person who saw both sides of 8, both sides of that character, as she stated: 
“They are all wrong, they see him as 2 different people, not the same one, (She continued to example to Hope and Valariya), he is all of that, he fought as the champion and lead as the emperor, he was in all realities that one person. Lord Kazemi was that person”, Valariya knew this, it wasn’t a shock to her, but what was a shock was how so many people knew only half the story, but most importantly she was shocked and worried: “Aliya had called 8, “Lord Kazemi?” Why, why would she use that specific word to describe him, she didn’t know why that name mattered at all, Valariya didn’t know about the trail, she knew of Kazemi as from the stories and texts had said: “Kazemi, the Primordial God of the Universe”, mentioned along side Gaia- The Primordial God of Life, and Cronus - The Primordial God of Time. It was a story to her, just as the tail. But to Aliya, a person a child altered by the Consa’s brainwashing and Cai(Arai’s) own altercation knew of the trail simply through that, at the implanted love to Kazemi, to the trail was in her. As Hope explained to Valariya what the trail was, and how they assisted Minia, with the trail, and how the man know as ‘Z’ passed the trail. At this Aliya’s eyes widened as she explained. 
To her this was more than confirmation, it was truth. As she said: “So he’s really the Primordial God re-born, he really is Primals Champion, he really is Emperor Irane(The name Valariya gave the emperor as she told the story)? The name was a fairy-tale, no one called 8 that, no they all know the Champion and the Emperor as 8. But clearly people saw 8 as 2 different people as a fight started to break among the gathered crowd over the facts… It was bloody as it was clear that even as the war had ended a week ago, people desire for violence was still very prevalent at this time. They fought, even the authorised joined in with the violence, this was bad, very bad, as people were about to kill each other over the facts, over the truth as Valariya in pure shock asked: “There’s no way, no way a fairy-tale would ever make people kill each other!” A fairy-tale? That is all she saw her story to be, a simple fairy-tale, but it clicked when Aliya called 8: Lord Kazemi! She didn’t realise it, how here sister idolised that story, how she saw it as scripture, she always though she really just loved the story, as Aliya admits, she went back to the library and took the book. It was hidden in her room now. Not the library, as the fighting continued, Pandro arrived and tried to beak up the fighting but it was nearly futile as people screamed over each other for the truth. Pandro was in silence as he heard them, heard all the things that people were screaming about, in his horror at hearing what the other group was describing he ran immediately to the library. He needed to check, to know that it was still there, in his horror the book was gone… As a million thoughts passed in his mind. Fear was the first, fear of what Minia would do if she found out, fear for his wife and what happened to her, fear for 8 whom he wasn’t sure about. Fear was all that he felt in his mind. As concern and paranoia started plaguing him as he asked, who could have even taken it, without triggering the alarms, the sensors. Getting past the defensive spell was impossible. And it seemed as though no one even tried to break the seal around it, it was untouched as he thought: “Like a ghost passed right through.” 
. As he tried to keep the order Aliya, Cai and Valariya went back to the house as Aliya showed the book to Cai, it was clearly different and hand written instead of printed. It had both stories, no it was one story, it one story with 2 parts. 

The man who lost his family and lover, who obtained the Tools needed  to face the trail successes from the goddess, the story of Heaven’s assault in detail, the characters in full displayed, as the champion story ends with him standing in victory with the little girl who is acting at the stories main teller in his arms, then it moved on to him changing, as he meets the empress who turns him to the emperor, killing the champion and creating a empire absolute power and unmatched might, one with his people who could fend of all the wars that would come and hurt them. It was a story of a man who lost his home and remade it, a new home for his people. It was in Hope’s own words: “Heart warningly beautiful!” It was clear whoever in all right wrote this story poured their heart into it, no… they poured everything to writing it. Their sarrow, their fears and, their ‘hope’ for a better tomorrow, it was all in those pages. As she held it and even in a slight weight could feel it, after all this very book was held by 8 himself, read by him. It was the origin. As Cai(Hope) paged through she in a slight manner noticed… she noticed quietly as she stopped at one page after re-exaing the book, her feelings stopped spiking at a specific page, as though 8 had left his very mark when he read it. As he took it all in but it stopped after the first chapter of The Emperors section of the book. It was there that Cai stopped for a long time, As though she knew this was the last spot, last spot, last page of what she wasn’t sure. As Cai(Hope) was collecting her thoughts and trying to plan the words of Arai passed though her mind constantly: “The choice is yours and yours alone!” What choice was she talking about? She would spend a whole week trying to figure that out. 

The city in that week was in upheaval, non knew what was going on and the leading clans were losing control. Sofia was terrified, Nevir was still in hospital after the blow from Mira, and it made her uncomfortable. Alex was also present, noting all the events occurring in the city to Toma, who was confused by all that was going. As he saw what his lies and scheming had produced. Fights were breaking out in different parts of the city with citizens fight each other of their beliefs of what the truth was as Sofia notes: “If we don’t say something, if we don’t do anything, more and more people will die, and more and more people will kill each other. They needed someone who could act and control the situation. To her the only real option was Minia, but the thought of that worried her. Minia wasn’t her favourite person after what she did to 8. More over she had no clue what she or where he was right now and it made her uncomfortable but it was clear to her, the people needed their ‘Goddess to calm them down!’ But she wasn’t present. 

Minia was in her lab on earth as we see her (a week after 8 had said he didn’t love her) holding and talking to Arai’s body as usual, but now, now tears where streaming down her unconscious face. As Minia stroked her head. Arai was crying in her coma to (Note now Arai’s mind is back in her body and just like Hope, she can hear everything Minia is saying, and that is what it making her cry) as Minia talks to her, she tells her all about what she had been doing with 8 this whole week. 
She had brought him back to her lab to try and treat his throat as she did, she was able to repair the damage to him, but she tied him down in the same lab she had kept him in when She, Ember and Pandro were working on him and the control seal. He was now back, and bound as we cut to a week ago when they arrived, Mira was red with blood on the cloth wrapped around her head from the first blow Mira had landed earlier. 8 was in chains. As he couldn’t move, Minia looked down at him, as he looked up at her, knees on the ground held down by the chain around his writs, things, hip and neck. 
Minia spoke: “I command you to tell me why you said you didn’t love me!” She ordered as 8 just kept staring at her as she noticed his eyes didn’t squint when she spoke, no he looked right at her again… as she repeated the order, over and over and over, slapping him across the face each time he didn’t answer back. Then as rage and tears started falling down her face, as she fell to her knees in frustration, she paused in frustration and anguish as she now just asked instead of command which a soft broken voice, broken from screaming the whole time: “Why don’t you love me?” 
8 spoke to her, this was now the second time, he spoke to her not in the robotic voice he used when he was replying to her orders, no he spoke to her as he had spoken to the others, it was the first time she had heard him talk to her like this, this was it, it was 8 speaking to any other person, as the champion, as the emperor as the character he was told to be. He replied to her question: “You aren’t my ‘Goddess’ Minia Consa, and you certainly aren’t my ‘Empress’” either!” She felt it, she felt those words inn her core, her very core. As she stared at him from that reply, she stared. As his voice echoing her name in that tone kept replaying in her mind… she was silent, she just stared at him, at those eyes, those eyes that were now staring right at her core. Right at it. 
Every Primal was now used to it, that stare of his, that stare that passed though the flesh to the very core, they all marked it down as a quirk of the champion of the emperor. But now Minia was experiencing it, her core bing seen completely by him. Her spell was no longer clocking her core. But that realisation didn’t come to her. Logic had left the room for her, it was gone. All that remains was her emotions, her emotions and the Programming of Namo;s programming in her mind. It was playing tug of war within her mind, pulling on love effect of the programming right into her mind, and now her core was being told the facts and amplified by his core. She looked at him at the programming screamed for her to love him, while her heart her core broke at the words, the facts it was forced to confront with the full weight of his core working on her.
This broke something in her. She started laughing as the tears falling from her eyes changed to a visceral blood red. As she started laughing, she as insanity latched to her, broke her as she thought of 8 playing in her mind, as something broke. Everytime she even thought of 8, of the champion the seal would make her feel the love and devotion for it right back, and she knew 8 was indeed the champion so any thought of him made her feel a deep intense love, over and over again, but her heart, her core was feeling the heartbreak from his words amplified back to her very core. It was negative, it wasn’t the drawing effect it had on people like Pandro, Criya, Aliya, Cai(Arai) and Mira. Now this on was rejection. It was rejecting her very core. 
As both of these things worked on her mind, something snapped as delirium existing in her mind now whenever 8 came across her mind. It was a contraction of emotions aimed at him. It was love and pain all wrapped in one. It was too much for any person to be experiencing this. And it broke her, as she laughed and smiled at once: 
She moved closer to 8’s face as she was also on her knees. Her hands both grabbed his face lovingly and warmly as a soft gentle loving smile came across her face, made him more horrifying by the stream of blood tears flowing from her eyes. It was beautifully horrifying. As she stared at him and spoke as though a woman speaking to her lover: “Why would you ever say such a thing my love? Why oh why would you say that I wasn’t your goddess?” She asked as her left thump pierced right into his eye with mana flowing though it. In a way that made no logical sense. She wanted to hurt him, she in all rights wanted him to feel the endless, mindless pain she was feeling towards him, and it was masked by the insanity of loving I’m. These emotions reacted with the twin core’s with her body. They may have now been connected/bond to Arai, Hope and Zoe’s cores, was still using Minia’s body as a hub to grow the human bodies. They reactig to her twisted desire: “To hurt him like he hurt me!” Within her. As it altered her mana, her core to have a mana that could hurt him, make him feel pain, and suffer. 
8 may have been a ‘tool’ and a ‘machine like mind’ but he still felt pain like any living creature, but he treated it more like a notification of damage. No matter how bad. But Minia’s mana altered with the Begging and Ending Command cores. They did just that as her mana flowed into his body, reacting to his core and making 8 feel pain. True unadulterated pain, amplified by his core to truly ‘hurt’ him and make him experiences the visceral pain Minia felt as true genuine ‘physcial’, he was in all right giving her the very thing she wanted she needed. His core re-acted as 8 screamed. His screams was of true pain. Pain received as far greater than anything he had ever felt spread through him, as Minia’s smiled in pure asctasy at the sound. She loved it, the sound of his screams seemed to sooth her, and elevate her joy and insanity as she in truth, saw this as him responding to her ‘love’, her twisted version of true ‘love’ and making Ending and Begging order his core to make Minia’s mana capable of ‘hurting him, and making him experience the amplfieded pain as true pain’ her mana, her core of life/death-space had now been given the ability to make him feel pain whenever it came into contact with him. 
It was a beasts his body had created and gave to her, just like the tools and beasts he had give to the All the children from Arai,’s camp, even Mira and Pandro’s tools from him was given as part of that contract. As now Minia was given a Kazemi - Beasts(This is also included as her beasts just like Ventriloquist is all her tool, that is attached to her core  ): Eights very nature had now engineered the beasts to his suffering,\

As Eight’s very nature personified Minia’s Pain, her Will to hurt him, bared its fangs at him. 
His scream to anyone else would have been egonizing, he truly was now in pain, in hell as the same screams he had unleashed at the start of the trail, had retuned in full. 

Minia spent the last whole week making 8 experiences that growing pain, as she ripped and tore into him, she was precise with each cut, with each move of her blade, of her pain as she directed it all over his body. But there was spot that made him scream and cry out louder than when she directed her pain right at the main cores of his body, heart and mind, it was different reaction, the reaction of pain sraemign through his body provide her with goosebumps as she heard those paining screams. The pain at his heart made her own heart beat in pure bliss and Ecstasy. Which made her blush, now the pain of his mind was her favourite. Inflicting pain right at his mind brought her the greatest amount of joy she could ever feel. It was similar to that joy she felt ‘that summer night’ with 8 and it deluded her even more and more. 

A week of endless torture, as when she returned to tell Arai all the growling details, the cores of begging and Ending made Arai’s mind experince the ordeal as Minia told it to her. It effected her to much that she cried endlessly, her tears seem to never stop as she experienced 8’s pain… from his minds perspective. Pain was all he was feeling and it brutal for him, so much so that rampaged in his body. 

[No we must clarify something very important about 8. He learned how to process his pain and use it to enhance his emotions, it is part of his system, his ability. The adrenaline rush you get in danger, he fear and horror you feel right at the point of death, the pure pain of it. It is what allowed him to construct Constraint. He knew how to weaponise his own emotions, and now his body was feeling pain, as Minia was carving into it. As in his process, rage and anger would feaster, as the treat as Minia carved and carved and carve 8 manafest a new emotion, one that merges all his emotion into a visceral beast as if Hope was to see this he would describe it as the more pain Minia inflicted on him in joy, 8’s very core, produced hatred, pure hatred to counter it. All the mana he had now in his body was being converted to counter Minia’s Pure Joy to inflict pain on him, His Core reacted to begin dealign with it, as Creation and Destruction inside 8 started to react and change his mana, the mana in his heart to pure unadulterated hatred. And internalising it all. Now if 8’s mana was to completely finish before it could unleash his hatred, it would result in pure devastation.

IN her mind Arai cried out trying to scream for Minia to stop what she was doing, and praying, she prayed that she died, that Hope never got to him. No right now Hope shouldn’t be anywhere near Minia. As the she realised a devastating truth. She only got headaches when when she was Cai, when she wasn’t thinking about the seal and 8. She needed to keep her focus on that. If Hope in Cai’s body got close to her. Begging and Ending would have enough of an effect on her to turn her mana into hatred. But what effect would that have on Cai, he heart would feel hatred, Pure hatred for Minia. That is all that heart would feel and with Constrains something very dark was about to be born… 
]  

Arai screamed out in her mind, hoping, praying that Cai didn’t get close to Minia otherwise Hope in cat’s body would feel unadulterated hatred for her…



Part 4.6: Eight’s War: The Empress vs The Goddess 

Arai mumbled under her breath, its all she could do, as Minia stared at her twitching face, amazed, releaved to she her walking up. as she finished her no her detailing of 8’s suffering in the last week. As she would use all her strength, all she had to try and move her face, to try and speak. She was weak, the core within her was to busy using its core to turn and cordinate her internal process while her nervous system was shot: The lighting mana core(Kazemi’s command core) within her was using its electric nature to keep her alive, but now she redirected some of it, it took all she had to be move, all she had and it was still a struggle as all she do was slightly twitch her face and mumbled a few words: “The false Empress must never cross paths with the false Goddess!”  In her confusion Minia looked in shock at her words. At the same time 8’s last words ran through her mind: “You aren’t my ‘Goddess’ Minia Consa, and you certainly aren’t my ‘Empress’!” 

Those words, those stupid words that burnt her, what did Arai’s words mean, as Mira ran to a different part of the facility, the prison section, where Ember was, a wing far from the place she kept Arai’s, Hope’s, and Zoe’s bodies and 8 now secured. 
She entered a cell which had Mira bound in there. She was in far more restive bind than Ember, The gaurds made she that it would take forever to tare them off and they still placed them on her. As they feared her. Under there breaths they mumbled: ‘be careful, we don’t what the champions general to escape’. That was all they called her, every single one of them, and they made sure to double their efforts on her seals. 
As Minia came, she saw her bound completely to the wall with the highest class of seal on her. She looked in rage and anger, Minia couldn’t hide her anger, her annoyance as she looked at Mira, who started laughing: “I can’t believe your still wearing that stupid dress a weak later, and what’s this why do you reek of blood, damn that a showed ‘bitch’. Minia looked at her with anger as she moved closer and asked simply: “Who is the Empress?” 
Mira held back in surprise at the question, she thought for a second as she noticed just how out of it, MInia looked right now, she looked as though she was fresh from surgery while in her Wedding dress. But what warrior her the most, was how it seemed like the blood was still wet, it hadn’t dried. 
“She a character from a story book, or do you believe in children’s stories now too? How Childish, did I scramble your brains or something when I hit, I like that wrap by the way, makes it hard to see your ugly face!” Minia froze and she laughed a bit: “It’s interesting, here you are calling it a fantasy story, while using the same taunting tactic as 8.” She laughed a bit: “You know I know it was a little childish, but hey when a book like that just pops up you don’t just dismiss it. I mean it was old and dusty, clearly written about 200 hundred years ago, but the analysis. So whether it is truth or not, it clear that story hold’s some truths. 
Mira started to laugh: “This is exactly why Arai never saw you as an equal…” As Minia slapped Mira across the face, making her bleed a bit. Thos words, Cleary Mira struct a nerve, a real one. As Minia lost it, and started beating her, striking over and over and over in a brutal manner. Mira was at an inch of her life, when a guard came running in, “My Lady, there seems to be an issue, lady Cai has asked to speak with you!” Minis passed her fist coming down at Mira’s face, As she coldly replied: “And what makes you think I answer to the call of a little girl like Cai?” The gaurd replied: “Well my lady…   It because she hasn’t been seen since a week ago.” What? Minis paused as she looked at Mira, And stood up, she left immediately to Heaven in Limbo to see her. The Gaurd looked down in the cell as a slight wave of mana passed over Mira, she noticed it., It seemed to be some kind of key, a key to break free… She looked and didn’t recondite the face, as the gaurd smiles at her, It is Simon… 

Now that report was a lie he made, as the one who asked to speak was actually Sofia and Pandro.
They were desperate to reach her as the state of the people was getting worse and worse, they needed answers and they needed to come from her mouth directly. Their voices no longer held authority anymore, even there own clans and elders were involved in conflict now, it was bad. And it was about to reach an impasse. Sofia in secret felt responsible, she felt like she caused all of this, as hearing people now screaming the name of the champion of the emperors screaming across the city. 
Now Pandro was also panicking, he knew what the cause wass, but he still wanted to protect Sofia, as it would be necessary for their aid. As this conversation was occurring, a silances passed though the room. As Minia looked at them both in pure joy. Of course, assemble all the people and I will explain everything quickly. 
She smiled as she walked away, she went to her room to examine things, to examine the situation, She had retuned now to her normal state of mind, Every time she thought about 8 she went into a deranged sadist joy. While now she was herself, she was calm, as she finally took a bath and rested in a moment, she simply rested her eyes, as she woke up, she went to examine her body, and with a grin she discovered she was pregnant. The though that she could even have children with 8 had never truly sat in her thoughts, but now in this moment, as she was there losing 8, she discovered she had gained 2 new cores, 2 replacements. She sat there for some time, her hands were over her belly as Pandro entered hearing her humming a melody. It was a known melody in Primal, it was almost a requirement to do, as Pandro also saw Sofia humming the same melody to her children as they were growing within her. It was the melody of a hymn for Primordials. A song asking, praying for them to protect and bless the cores developing inside them. It was a deep tradition, a very deep one, as Pandro stood in pure silence. He thought back as to why, why his body and Nevir’s body moved almost instinctively to protect Minia from Mira. 
It was clear now, as they moved to protect his children. They would protect those cores. That was what 8 made them do, that was why he felt like he couldn’t shouldn’t leave her side, why at this moment he realised as tears streamed down his face. Lord Kazemi’s children were grown inside his sister, inside his goddess as he fell to his knees in joy. As now he knew why Nevir and him couldn’t refuse. He was to protect his lords children. 

Now we must note that in the story of Sofia, the last page the name of the Emporer was Kazemi. The same name as the Primordial God Kazemi. Now to use that name in any context within Primals was very dangerous, it was why it shook never have been written by Sofia, As both Pandro and Aliya who were the only 2 people to have read the full book would know the ending name. Valariya never read all of it, she read part one, but it was part 2 that caught her eye. But she didn’t read the full book, the last page, with the little girl in that final page called the Emperor by his true name: ‘Lord Kazemi’!. [Note this and the fact that 8 will use the name Kazemi as his surname, is not connected to this. As that was a name he earned from succeeding in the trail. The gift Enari gave 8, the name Kazemi!] 
That name was said in his mind, he dared not to say out loud, no he couldn’t dare call him that as those words would expose him dearly. As Minia stood up and passed Pandro as she asked: “Will you protect my children little brother?” 
He Pandro while still on his knee bowing and cry responded: “Till my dying breath, I will give my core to protecting them sister.”  

As they both left for the square were Minia would address the people. 
She was dressed in a manner that sang holy in all its glory. She was in all white, while Pandro and Sofia both walked with her by her side, all the people stopped as they watched in eagerness for word about their lord? As Minia began t speak: “It was now a week ago that the unfortunate events of my wedding took place but I wanted to rest your hearts at ease. I have seen all the destruction and suffering this has brought you. But I want you to believe me when I tell you we did this in planning. He is now gone, 8 is alive and carrying out a plan against the Orians as we speaks. He didn’t want to watch any more of his people to die in the war, and so he made the choice to go and destroy the Orian’s in absolution. He has gone to fulfil his duty to the people, his duty to destroy our enemies and allow us peace, your champion is fighting now to protect you! He did not say when he would return, but he did leave me, no leave us a gift in case something were to happened to use, he has left us with 2 of his children whom are growing inside as we speak!” 
As she said this a large scream of joy and celebration passed through the city, but only half of the Primals cheered with joy. The other half was still confused as in the moment a voice passed out and echoed: “You lying you stupid hellspone!” The words, the insults made millions of people gasped as they saw it was Cai, who with her she had Criya who was supporting Nevir who seemed his was still injured but alive standing on her right, and Aliya and Valariya on her left side. She looked at Minia with the tool Constraint in her hands. As she walked to meet Minia at the centre of the square, there they looked at each other eye to eye. From a few feet away from each other. It was clear she had something to add and she would say it. But Minia noticed a strange look in Cai’s eyes. It was different, it was more fierce than what she normally looked like. She use to always have a cold calculating look that reminded her a bit of the look in Arai’s own eyes. But she never did try to even see herself as my equal, no the Cai she had know for the last 5 years never once showed this or made such an expression as it confused her. 

Now Cai stared at Minia while she pulled the blade “Constrain” out of its sheathed. As Minia smiled and laughed at the display as Minia asked Pandro out loud enough for everyone to hear: “That blade she had in her arms, that one belongs to Mira right?” 
Pandro looked a bit stunned as she looked at Cai holding that blade as he responded back as the whole city watched in confusion: “Yes sister. Constraint is a tool that Lord Eight made and gave to Mira. It is the same tool type like my Grimoire tool, Only Mira can you use it, just like how only I can use my Grimoire can only be used be. It is a tool he offered to use his subjects. He was the only other person who able to use it well either at all!” 
“Ah”:Minia said already knowing all of that, as Pandro continued: “So right now that’s just a blade in your hands, a it isn’t a tool you can use right, I know that blades power, it power to channel emotions, but Mira had to use her own emotions to use charge, That bade would burn with a blazing Energy flame when she was angry, or a dark water would flow from it, but was clear that I saw latest those 2 modes, even joy with lighting-light, unlike mine which gives me access to a limited number of spells I can use, mine is far more versatile. I would even say(As he smirked with pride), my Grimoire was a better tool than Mira’s Constraint.”  He said with pride as Minia saw how Cai’s expression changed to a bit of anger at Mira’s name decided to use that. As she added: “Ah yes the ‘General’ blade, You know what she’s doing right now, bleeding and dying in my prison floor, after I beat her with my own 2 hands” 

This made Pandro and Sofia look stunned at, and in all rights Minia knew what she was doing, Cai and Mira were always close, so she knew Cai would alteast react to that coax. But what she hadn’t accounted for, was all the factors in play, as she made a massive… MISTAKE! 
She didn’t realise that that wasn’t the Cai she knew, that was not the same person who had been with her for 5 years. The one she sent and ordered around and who showed pure loyalty to her. No, no. This was Hope in the driving seat and those words, about the person she loved more than anything. Those words would make her feel something far greater than anger, no this wasn’t rage she was feeling, it was pure hatred as in the very second Minia had attired those words about Mira… 

Cai was already about to complete a swinging Constraints edge aimed and moving towards Minia’’s neck, this moment caught them all offgaurd, but what occured next was even more strange.

[Note edit the beast of Mira’s Emo’s emotional powers to be: 
Wrath(Anger): Fire + Energy
Grief(Sadness): Water + Darkness 
Joy(Happiness): Electricity + Light
Resolve(Anticipation): Earth + Ice: Still a tortuous, but now has a major landmass of any Icy mountain top. With earth, and heat lava and ice cold streams of water and wind
Dread(Suprise): Wind + Nature: A great surpent still who can fly and also expel natural roots and trees to bind its enemies. 

Love / Hate: A hybrid beast that can take 2 forms: The wolf’s of love and hatred, created by the product of 8 suffering, note that now Constrain must read as a weapon that can channels the users power, but also store and use the emporores emotions. In the sealed stated, Mira must use her own emotions to power the blade, but it can also unleash the emperors emotions which are these 8. Note made through Minia torture of 8 and begging and ending core being in Mania now. 
1. Adore(Love){Note alter the name of the beast of Pain to be Adore, but keep the ability of inflicting pain to Minia’s core not the beasts, its her mana now that hurts 8 and as mana effects cores, his core manufactured hatred as a defence and counter machines} [form a wolf] of a gent white fur: Life/Death-Space - chaotic light 
2. Malice(Hate) [form a of a fierce wolf in black, fur]:  Life/Death-Time - harmonic darkness

Emptiness (To Feel nothing,[what 8 feels right now] and is a unix element. The removal of elements. Nothingness)
The Full heart

Now we alter it based on what is about to happened. 
]

Right now As Cai swings constraint it would cut into Minia which she would present from being a fatal strike, but an event occurs now because of the Begging and Ending command cores within Minia. As we stated when Cai(Arai) was in contact with Embers body she experiences the design cores within Ember as though, and when Minia held Arai’s actual body and told Arai all she had done to 8 in that week, she was experiencing that directly, she felt the joy and hatred being formed within 8 at that moment, it is why she cries, she sees the hatred building in 8. But in all right 8 had a limited number of emotions. He didn’t need to understand love or hatred when fighting Kazemi(Enari) as Enari wasn’t attacking out of malice/hatred or joy/happiness in the begging. Only near half ways. 8 only had the following emotions of Wrath, Greed, Joy, Resolve Dread, and Emptiness. The emotions he was set at now was emptiness. He felt emotions as signal in this mode. But now as Minia was inflict pain against him using ‘Love’, he needed to understand it and he countered it with ‘hatred’ 

We state that as when Minia was cut by Cai(Hope) unlike with Arai who understood thing by thinking about them in the case of 8. Hope understood it through her heart, her feelings and emotions, The simple truth of it was in that moment as Cai was flowing hatred for Minia into there blade it was all the hate that Cai(Zoe, Arai, and Hope) had for Minia mixed in when they were all in Cai, it was all of their emotions now being stored within Constrains, which is why it evolved to store 8’s emotions and she felt it, that hatered from the Beginning and Ending command cores which commanded her core to create the hatred mana, the mana of the beasts and powers of Adore and Hatred within Cai’s body. IN that moment though she felt nothing but pure hatred, for Minia, it was so pure it manifested into a massive dark wolf, as Cai quickly used it to stop Pandro, as infront of everyone she grabbed him by the throat and stripped his tool from him and threw him to the side. 

Right now 8’s hatred for Minia was enhancing and mixing with Cai’;s accumulated hatred from all three woman to wards Minia mixed, it was that feeling driving Cai(Hope) at this very moment and it was pushing her forward as she looked at Pandro with pure malice in her heart, it was a look that froze Sofia in her place, she felt danger screamog from Cai right now, as even Minia looked in pure horror and fear at Cai, she was shocked, beyond shocked, no it made no sense this wasn’t the same Cai who she had known, what this her true self what is this, she asked all this things and more as that look from Cai’s eyes frightened Minia, she moved and stared at Pandro while holding the tool Eight gave him, his beloved treasure, she held it and opened it, as she looked at him: “You really shouldn’t talk like know anything you little wanna be mage!” As those words shock Pandro to his core, he hadn’t been called that in years and only one person used to call him that: Hope as she taught him some spells back in the days in the lab before 8. It made him freeze with pure confusion at it as it bacame worse, his whole reality came crashing around him, as Cai opened her book and used it like it was her, as she told him: “You should remember little sage, there is no tool of 8’s that I can’t make use of as my own!” 

The spell was a page of 5 different spells as Cai used and called down a thunder strike right at their location. It was explosive as it ramapaged down, Cai looked back and looked at Minia. It was now clear what this was, as Cai raised her blade and pointed it at Minia, as she whispered oto herself: “I’ve made my choice Arai!” As he spoke direct: “I am the Empress who will cute you down, my blade will be dripping with your blood little false Goddess! Do you Hera me?” As she repeated while screaming with rage and hatred on her voice: “I will cute you down, worthless wanna be goddess!” 

These words shocked the second half of the city who also erupted in this declaration,. They had seen it with their own eyes. Them seeing Cai use both tools of Mira and Pandro at once, was proof to them that Cai was the Empress as they all erupted, as the battle lines were drawn. As it was clear now, the city, no the Primals now stood divided, absolutely as even many Primals of More would join in. They too used to believe in the myth and legend, but simply feared having to die for him. They did not want to die. But here and now there stood a woman who showed she was the empress. There was proof on both camps of his existence. 

Many had become humans-primals now, millions though came in, millions of them as Many soldiers and people of heaven was separated.
Now to better understand, we need to remember that: There are 2 groups of Primals, The Primals of More were he majority having over a 500 million Primals, while the Primals of Heaven (Kazemi) number in the 20 millions now. They sperated into 2 groups now, 15 million aligned with Minia in the city, as they belived in her children and lie, but also they followed the leads of their elders, the elders of Prescian and Consa sided with Minia making the saw easy to see. 
But even still the 5 million Primal who chose ot side with Cai weren’t alone as they were followed by the elders of the Revyn clan and even Alex showed that the More sided with Cai Consa. It was again clear to everyone who was were, but we must now remember a simple fact. Many of the Primal in More’s camp didn’t want to become human, they simply didn’t want to or feared the trail and implications. When the trail ended Many came back to support and help Heaven, now we that 100 million more primals came into the fold. It split the number more. As now it was: 
Minia in the city of Heaven: Had 60 million total Primals 
While Cai tool the 5 million Primals to the long lost city of ‘Primary’(Check on the original main city of the Primals). It was long abounded after the death of the Primals and the end of the Great War that the Arke twins started among the Primals. It was the original city and in reality it was the city where the Primals died in. The place of myth, legend and everything the Primals use to have. In all ways it resembled the main city where the emperor made his city into, a paradise, As they all arrived there, Cai would speak, she spoke differently as she spoke with authority and drive. Her hatred for Minia was great, and even more so her desire to see her dead was greater, but she was also compassionate, in her talk to them, she said she didn’t believe in it as she spoke: 

“I won’t stand before you all here stating I believe in the story you believe in, I only stand her stating that I will do everything I can do to build the empire, the home we need, as we fight and strive for a better tomorrow, we will bleed, we will die, and we will suffer. But we will suffer for the emperor, in his promise, his promise to lead us hand in hand with him to Paradise. So here and now, I end this ancient city and its accent legend and I lay it to rest, Primal is dead, the primordial are dead, but all they held all they represented remains, here and now we will strive ot turn this dead city and bring it back to life and as it does we will call it paradise, we will build the emperors throne right here and now. Lets use place the emperors throne atop the very spot the primodials once stood. Let us build the emperors paradise, so it is ready and waiting for him when he returns to use. “ 

That speech inspired millions, it resonated with 35 million more Primals, now we see Paradise had a total population of 40 million. 

What drove people to Minia was her control of 8 really, how he never stopped listening to her. How he was absolutely loyal to her, and now they saw as she was pregnant with his children it was proof enough for them, and in the eyes of 60 million it was enough to make them align with her. Now what made people align with Cai, wasn’t just the story, nor was it the fact they didn’t like Minia, no it was due to how they witnessed 8 himself in the battlefields. Most of the original 5 million were nearly all warriors who fought at the front line, they saw it all with their own eyes, while the priamals in city saw they champion who fought fro today, The soldier all saw the emperor, the man who fought for tomorrow, The one who demanded of them as he promised he would return it all back to them with a competent leader. They saw the man who would always show up when the solution required it. And the man that asked them to be worthy. He didn’t just fight, he made them fight to… that was the group of primals who joined Cai. And Criya was one of the most prevalent of them all. Even more prevalent them Nevir, than Sofia and Pandro. 
He was the soldier who was in all the toughest fights, in all rights he fought on the ground with them, and he was also a devout believe in not the story, not the champion but the emperor, and the real one at that. He made sure people realised that. He said: 
“I don’t believe in that fairy-tale emperor we tell our children, about I believe in the emperor who bested to me Winder and Bearursil Remember that well!”

This was no the same child from back then, he was different, so different that he inspired, as he spoke, he fought for everyone and that was inspiring, But also over bearing for Dio, who was in truth jealous of him, he followed them not because he cared about 8 or the emporer, no he did it because he wanted ot beat Criya, he was obsessed with that now, as he remember all the times before the facility when Criya in all right was the weakest person in the village, weaker then even a 6 year old Aliya, now that same weakling wasn’t just beating him, he was making it look like child play. He was amazing having been trained by 8 personally. A fact everyone knew. And he was inspiring, as when the moment came he bent the knee directly before everyone and swore allegiance to Cai, to the empress, (He also know about the full story as he was the one who ‘found’ the docuement, the prophecy. To not follow him would be the same as not believing in the truth of 8, is what many thought. Criya had chosen to side with the fairy-tale he heard from Valariya, rather than a prophecy that he found himself. 

The war between Minia with the Primals of Heaven and Cai(Hope) with the Primals of ‘Paradise’(will be renamed to Primals of Kazemi). Would last 4 years. It was that 4 years of unending combat that made the legends of Aliya, Criya, Dio, Leo, and Milla. But it had no greater cost in events than for Sofia and Pandro. Both sided with Minia publicly, it was clear which side they had choosen. It was a terrifying occurrence as it seem to Sofia that her dream, had lead millions ot their deaths, worse so even she bared witness to it all. Now it was clear to everyone that this war was taxing, it wasn’t clear to Hope just how much time there truly was until a chance meeting with Simon. 

It was a vicious war between the 3 major groups, the Ascen, Primals of Heaven and Primals of Paradise. And it was costly. The Ascen returned in an attempt the deal finishing blow. The Alma and Selis were still engaging in a war against each other. Now The Ascen weren’t in full power, no far from it as their resources, men and energies were all but spent due to the 2 year war. It was brutally on them in truth. As now they took an opportunity to destroy the Primals. 

A opportunity Minia would cash in on as she had a meeting within the 4th year of the civil war, He belly had grown quite a bit at this time. She had been pregnant for 4 years now and it was draining and restrive for her. She was getting weaker and weaker, as she also observed Ember and studied her. She had the same kind of Pregnancy as her after all. Why was it lasting so long? Well the elders knew well no one know at all, as elders started speaking about t being a bad omen while others who were much closer such as Taalor and Saren’s work showed the truth, her body and Embers bodies weren’t ment to host such bodies, a statement that they would never share as they knew that Minia already had issues with being seen as infori and they were scared, scared of what she would do, after all they had in the last 4 years watch and assist Minia in torturing 8 and studying him. Minia in her reality had lost it all and she still hurt 8 whenever she had the opportunity and tell Arai all about the events. She never did regain her consciousness like last time, but the tears still flowed, as Minia would tell Arai all the details and of her abuse of 8. And she even abused and hurt Mira when she got the chance, it wasn’t as brutal as 8’s toture but she was still hurt very badly. Losing an arm and eye, with various forms of drugs and substances used on her. With 8 she could hurt him in a level unknown to most but with Mira, oh she was her outlet for all the things Cai had inflected on her, she beat and hurt Mira while screaming at her about all that Cai was doing, and no once thought out all that, for 4 - 5 years of near endless pain, she never showed Mira that she was in pain, no she never gave her the satifation. She showed her will. But she was still suffering, 

Now Minia was speaking Axola making a deal for him and his Ascen forces to destroy and also attack the Primals of the Paradie, pincering them, it was a great plan, one that was working. 
For the 4th year Cai was forced to divid her attention, as she would lead the forces of the Ascen, with half the Primals while Criya - set as the main captain, lead the other half of them against the assaulting force of the Primals of Heaven, with the inclusion of Aliya, Dio, Leo, Milla and Valariya, it would be these 5 who would make the biggest additions on the war front, in that time Nevir would assist where he could but his injuries greatly limited him, even now in 4 years time as he would in all his strength fight in a near impossible mission and save everyone involved. As Minia would plan and execute a trap against the Primals of Paradise, she used Sofia as the main commander, but in truth he was bait. Now We need ot note that Evelyn More was with him during these last 4 years even assisting Cai in what she needed. She supported her brother who also aligned with Cai out of hatered for Pandro and devotion for lady Cai. He would in fact fall involve with Cai, in truth, he found the new way she was acting alluring. 
Now Nevir died in this secret trap as she would use Sofia as bait to draw in Criya and his forces and end them, it nearly succeeded if it wasn’t for Nevir who would in a final act of sacrifice and due, apologies to Sofia for letting her down and killing himself, he sacrificed his life to save them all. 

Now as this was occuring. Simon would make contact with Cai directly through a network of spies and information system he created within the new Primals. It was beautiful in its ability to move him unseen, and the number of agents he had obtained and set up. 
As he would finally come face to face with the new Cai. He would tell her all that Arai had told her, esspecially on the 5 year dealing, which was now less than a year remaining. It was clear now to Hope how she needed to make a play for the most secure location on Earth, even more secure than Toma’s own personal lab. Minia’s lab. It was an iron dome. And it was in all right impregnable, and vast. So much so that it covered into a large mountain and deep/. It was massive and elevated. The ultimate location for secrecy and her work. The place she kept her most important items secured. Arai, Hope and Zoe’s bodied had been here for the last 14year, Even 8 was also here. That information would not be known to them, as they woukd indeed find a way to enter her lab through Pandro. 

As we stated Sofia now had just watched Nevir die in this war, a war that in all rights she created with her 2 hands. Now her story was responsible for killing her longest held childhood friend. They were in a cave wired to be destroyed with a massive explosion, he had saved them all but Dio, Leo, Milla and, Valariya were captured with Criya and Aliya escaping nearly. Sofia held Nevir’s corps in her arms. Now though he smiled as he told her: “He gave this core over to the Emperor, for you!” It was his confession, as he died making sure Sofia knew just how important she was to him, as he asked her, to watch over his children… 
Sofia screamed in sorrow as Nevir died. It was to much as now she faced it, the true reality of what her story. No what her wish had created, all of this was her fault. 
It occured exactly 1 year ago to the the main events of 8’s escape. As Criya and Aliya would return to their forces after Minia had captured the others. 

Minia made a moves but underestimated Cai, ,again she thought she would be limited as Minia also gave Axola all the technical data Cai(Arai) was sending back, it was detailed. And precisely the data needed ot such her down, a fact the Tenza and Tola would agree on with Axola, to bad that data was useless to them, As the Cai they were facing now, was nothing like the Cai the data described as this fact would allow Cai(Hope) to showcases just how terrifying she truly was, she used Constrant and Grimoire with perfection and skill that shocked Pandro as he heard how she used his tool, it burned him honestly as he would in many attempts try and face Cai(Hope) for his tool back, and would fail. He was no match for the greatest mage Grand Master Gran had created, as he would admit in secret to Coral Sil about how Hope was his greatest gem, in a flashback that Mira overheard. As she would sit in her cell bettered laughing knowing full well that her sister was destroying them, she was in fact what Gran called her. A master of spells on a level that supiresed logic all applied by her training with Arai in the Academy on Arts, make her a demon on the battlefield. No she showed why she was called the empress in the first place. Initially the nickname was a slight node to how Cai was always super close to 8, but now it was a title every Ascen would learn to fear, as Arai worked more in the shadows as Cai, acting as intelligence and planing, Hope moved more directly as a ground general, and its was amazing to see. As she would cute the battlefield, as use Pandro’s Grimoire to cast the most insane spells, She was the Empress a title the Ascen would learn too fear as she would destroy them in all the clashed they would have. 

The was even a battle where she had to fight Tola herself, she beat him completely and utterly in a one sided battle that would elevate her myth in the Ascen, and as it grew Minia was losing her mind as important day arrived. As Simon and Cai(Hope) met, Cai would show Simon the original script written by Sofia herself, which he would confirm as true, he was the one who told her that the hand writting matched that of Sofia’s reports to a tee. He had read all the reports Sofia write down and so he knew about what her handwriting was like.
Now with this information Simon would confront Pandro, forcing him to help them, or else the truth that it was Sofia who created the true original book would be leaked. He didn’t what the people would do to her, no in reality he knew they would in most likeliness praise and cheer for her, but Minia, oh she would kill her slowly and completely after everything she had been through. He was scared what she would do to her and it made him even more loyal, loyal enough to even try and kill Simon instead of be persuaded by him until and event would take place that would make him rethink everything. 


Part 4.7: Heartbeat! 


Now it had been nearly 5 year since 8 had disappeared, now Minia had discovered that the cores, the children developing within her where the reason she couldn’t control 8. That realisation made her see the babies within her as a burden, and the fact that they wouldn’t be born for another full 3 years made her angry and annoyed, but more than anything she was now desperate. As time had passed Vraka and Selis had become far more active and more direct in their attacks. The war created by Cai(Arai) during he 2 year war(War of Eight), they were focused on each other, but now after Toma’s work they started to be direct on their attack, and they attack the Primals of Heaven, hopping to obtain more and more people for their armies. They wanted to make a lot more Fareli and Celestials in order to get the upper hand on each other, It was an arms race that made the Primals and the Ascen their primary target. Yes they even struck against the Ascen in order to obtain and create more beasts and tools. They were weaker now after their 2 year war, even more than that the war between them the Primals of Paradise caused a shift in their strength. They weren’t as powerful as they were in the first war in Orians manufactured by Aevum Vane. It is what made the year after Nevir death and the capture of Dio, Leo and Valariya so hard to deal with. Minia had taken them to be used in her lab on Earth. Now Cai knew after meeting Simon that she in all right only had a year left before she died, and even more, she needed to get to 8 and give him the order. Criya and Simon on that year had many arguments, and their arguments were fair. Simon wanted to use 8 as weapon, as in his words: “The tool he was” to destroy the Arke and all the enemies of the Primals. But Criya in all his honesty wanted him to be destroyed, his argument was simple, he was far too dangerous to have around. The civil war between the Primals was caused him and the image people had of him. But truthfully he just didn’t want him to fight anymore. He was the man to chnaged him. That in a way remade him into the capable soldier, the amazing tales and acts he perfomered were all thanks to him. He simply wanted to place his lord to rest. So he wouldn’t have to fight any more wars, any more battles. He wanted to have him in all right die so he could be free. Cai(Hope) was torn between the 2. Arai had left her the absolute final choice on what to do with 8. And she was divided. They were alive but this was hell. People simply living to fight, not nowing true peaces. She saw the people praying to him, hoping for his return to protect them and lead then into the paradise from the fairy-tale. Even if they had to fight they fought with the hope he would return. 
The Priamls of Heaven were different, they belived in Minia, and her control over him. They saw her and heard her lie about how 8 was on a secret mission to kill the Arke twins and the finish the Ascen was starting to fall apart, as Vraka and Selis moved their forces more directly on them. It was a desperate situation. As they were losing. Million upon million of their people were being captured and transformed. It was akin to the horror of when the Arke first made their move during the days of Aevum Vane and Cycla More it was pure horror, and Toma watched. 

In reality he was the cause of all this, as his work on Earth to make Human-Primal weapons, and having to use the cores of the Ferali and Celestial to build more and more of his people came back to bit him. He was drawing their attention. And he redirected their desire once against to the Primals. As he watched and continued. The resistance was still in play but they weren’t the same, no after Miho’s capture and the destruction of his village. They were losing more and more people to Minia and her gathering of their children to make more Human-Primals on her side as weapons. Many were being saved by Criya and his units. It was why she created the trap that lead to Nevir’s death, and the capture of Dio, Leo and Valariya. But still the pressure was increasing, she couldn’t simply wait anymore. She was losing the support of her people now as a number of them even defected to Cai’s Primals at Paradise out of fear. She needed 8, his power to push back.


And so she immediately ordered Taalor and Saren’s to prepare to remove her children from her body ASAP, A order that made Pandro lost his mind. Everything he had promised, he was now at a cross road, follow his sister and allow this, or choose 8 and protect the children he would have. It was now that it became clear to him how wrong he had been, how much he wished he could be with the Primals of Paradise as he would inform them of Minia’s plan, and how he will set things up in the facility to allow them to enter and sneak in in a weeks time and attempt a rescue mission. He did this to try and stop his sister and save the children that would die if Minia carried on. It was the moment and opportunity they would need. Sofia was also at this point completely mentally drained. She watched and blamed herself for every little thing occurring. She would cry herself to sleep praying to 8, as Pandro would also lie awake at night hearing her. It was breaking her heart, destroying it even. As she made his choice. He would do all he could. 

It was on this day that Cai accepted Pandro’s help, as her time was also coming to end, she had mere days, days left before she would die, as she would prepare to move on to deal with 8. She told Criya and Simon she had made her choice on what to do. As she would speak to her people and say her final goodbye. She believed she wouldn’t return from the mission. She was in a way correct about that. As she left Criya in charge to lead and protect the people, while infiltrating the facility with Simon and Aliya. 



Within the prison cells on the far east upper level of Mina’s lab, Simon, Aliya and Cai(Hope) had snuck into the lab. Aliaya’s abilities of in a way becoming a ghost allowed her to move right in, while Cai snuck in through Simon, who was brought on duty at the facility that day, now Pandro made sure that Simon was placed there, not only that he was in the secrete deep level deep deep underground by the Deep western levels. He was there baring witness to Taalor and Saren extracting the immature children from Minia’s body. The scene horrified him, watching them be extracted from her body was horrifying for him, that day, it had been 5 years since she was empregnate as the children were moved, Taalor and Karen where promised by Minia that they could do anything they wanted with them, as they weren’t breathing and their hearts and lungs were still immature. In all right they were dead. A sentence PAndro watch Minia laugh at. It was thins moment that brought forth a rage and disgust for his sister. How she simply removed them from her body, her own new borns, forced to die now. It was too much for him to handle, he started to look at his sister with pure disgust, as she while still from extraction of them, was still recovering, she had used her life/death mana core to increase the rate at which her body would recover. As she couldn’t finish healing completely, due to all the mana that her body expelled. She was still in a slightly weakened state as she planned to see 8 and order him as soon as she recovered enough mana, but she got called out back to Heaven, as she was in pure rage as Sofia was telling the public a story. She had made a major pubic event to speak the full prophesy to the people, she even organised with Criya to have it publicly played in the new city of Paradise. All the Primals would bear witness for the first time in the history of Primals, was the full tale of Kazemi. 

It started to them as a reading of the prophesy, of the man who would lose his home and his wife, mother and his whole village, it was a painful account of the man who would be it all, he had no name, none as she simply named him ‘The Man’ Then as the story continued, the Man would become the Champion, with his Goddess giving him power, now all this time within the story we find out that the little girl(who represents Sofia in the story) who acted as oour point of view character, tells how he got the tools and powers to fight and succeed in the challenge, in the story he was the 8th, the 8th person who had attempted it, and as such was called the Eighth champion, the one who passed the trail and used the power of Kazemi to save them all. We listen as million of Primals in both the City of Heaven and Paradise. Criya who was listening in was also in tears. The way Sofia told that story, the way she spoke it would be remembered all time as the first telling of ‘Kazemi’s Requiem. As all were in absolute excitement. As she spoke, the way the child in the story described the fight. ~The way Sofia describes it. It was the first time she had ever said this tale. She placed her very core into the retelling and it was clear as her mana flowed, it was a true spectacle to bear witness to. 
It was Sofia showing her true side as she spoke to the Primals. She told her story and all people roared in excitement as she described the champion, the will unstoppable, and the power he displayed as he defended the Primals, with all he had. And how he pushed back against the Devil of Omegaruin and the Angle of Sova. Those names shock all who heard them. As she continued as she moved to the fairy-tale, as she moved in her seriousness, the emperors was heard mentioned as the little girl in. The story told of the Paradise the champion had built with his people. It was here that the Primal of Paradise started to truly shine in their awe of their ‘bed-time’ fairy-tale spoken in such a way, it moved them, it moved them all in a way that made no real sense. As they listed to Sofia’s voice and watched her tell it, it was beautiful. It was awe inspiring hearing it all in that manner as when she concluded she spoke the words that only 2 people knew(Pandro and Aliya). As she finished her book and spoke the name: “Lord Kazemi” - Emperor of Paradise. 

As we continue Minia went to confront Sofia for this delebrite attack on her, as in the story she latched to only focused on the Goddess and now she had also shown the Empress as the true ‘woman’ the emperor loved. It triggered on her,, it infuriated her as Pandro and Sofia had planned as we see this was a plan to draw her away from the Facility to go to Heaven to Sofia. It worked but it had its price as Sofia would be killed by Minia after Sofia revealed that 8 had read the book as well. That she in a way manufactured him into what he was, and how she played out. She told her all of this as she laughed at her. They fought and Sofia had the upper hand on Minia who was still drained and weak from the extraction. But the Guards all intervened. In the end Evelyn appeared and distracted Sofia long enough for Minia to land the killing blow on her. As the words of Evelyn blaming her, for the death of Nevir hurt her. As she was distracted by her targeting. Minia attacked and mortally wounded Sofia as she died, her last words which were heard by Pandro was: “Praise Lord Kazemi” We cut to Pandro who had taken the bodied of the two children from Taalor and Saren, and had begun a spell, one he learned and master from 8’s assistance and training, it was a forbidden art which would allow him to destroy his own body and use it as ‘material’ for healing as we see him using the spell and trying to save the 2 babied. As he did his body was being altered. It was Kazemi’s Art: “Creation of Flesh”{Life/Death+Nature+Electric+Energy+Light+Darkness aligned mana} - it was the same Art Zoe had used to create Cai’s body, but now it was a different manner. He was using his very boy, his very life-force to give the 2 cores a chance to live. But he miscalculated, he didn’t have enough mana or material, they needed far more than he had properly be born, so now Pandro was trapped in the lab unable to move, while keeping the bodies of 2 infant still-born bodies( Summari, and Nighla) alive. It was all he could do and he vowed that he would fulfil his promise, he would Protect these 2 with his very life. For Lord Kazemi, for the Emperor, he reported these words over and over…

We now see Cai and Aliya reunite with thier sisters Mira and Valariya. For Aliya and Valariya it had been a year since they last saw other, while for Hope(as Cai) and Mira it had been about 15 years since they last truly spoke to each other. As Hope would cry as she looked at Mira’s battered body. She was healing her, doing all she could to make sure she was okay. They couldn’t have a proper talk, nor a good reunion as time was up for Cai. Her body had reached it limit now, and she was about to in a way die. She told Mira, Aliya, Simon and Valariya that when she died the tools of Constraint and Grimoire would return to their owners, and they would have less than an hour. She had implanted her main core, the core of Cai within Constraint, it was the last flickers of it, and if they could within that timeframe, reach 8 and pierce him with the blade, than the last command, her command would be said to him. She made it clear to Mira that she couldn’t use Constraints power until it pieced 8. As she said that she hugged Mira as tightly as she could and told her how much she loved here, how much she ment to her, and the if the worst comes to be, she will always love her, and that above all else she must live past this. She said this all and died right there. The body creation of Zoe had officially expired, but with her remaining mana and emotions within Constraint they still had a way to command 8 without her present. 

Simon, and Mira lead Aliya, Valariya, Dio, Leo and Milla whom were also in the prison cells, all prepared to move out and they were accommodated by 2 other children, who were Assa Flora(Nature-Fire-Water-Earth-Air-Ice ; Harmonic-Dark core alignment)(A alma-human child(10 years old), and had been through the core transfer process and won over the human instead and was classified as a failure to be killed)(She has a rare core beast, a literal tree) and Naile Rui(Electric-Fire-Water-Earth-Air-Ice; Chaotic-Light core)(A thirteen year old Human-Spirit, who like Assa one instead of the human as such was deemed a failer, He has a special tool that is the form of a cloud, a elemental cloud). 
Now they both were in the prison for the last year aswell, they wanted to follow as in the past Year Valariya would keep their spirits us with the fairy-take of the Emperor, she knew she was wrong to do that to children, she had seen what telling her fairy-tale had done, but she wanted to give them, peace and a reason to live and fight for, something to believe in, just like all those children she had during the war and being under Cai(Arai). She told it to give them peace. 
Now here where 2 new additions {It was these 8 not the12 children who went to try and set 8 free}. 

All of them: (Simon, Mira, Assa, Rui, Milla, Aliya, Valariya, Dio and Leo)
It was all they could was move through the prison as quickly and as quietly as possible, Now Mira had told Aliya to hold on to the blade Constraint, if all things where ot go wrong, she would atleast phase through all the walls and spaces to get to 8 and pierce him, it was in a way a precaution, a hopeful plan. She made the calls, as they moved, and did it as quickly as possible. The facility in total had 1000 elite guards, these where both the elites of the Consa house but also the best room Toma, who gave them to her as a ‘thank you’ for dealing with the Ascen. 
It was far too much, but the size of the facility was in a way also extreme. 
As they moved through they, as a specific point near the shoot that lead to the most secure area in the facility, a area even Simon knew existed, but Mira did, she knew this facility well from th days when she was ordered by Mira, and she remember the very first place he ever saw 8. In that secure lab space being butchered and directed by Mira, Ember and PAndro to understand him. Back then she didn’t care but now, she felt a bit of fear and concern flow through her as she asked herself: “What did Minia do to you these past 5 years?” 
Mira wouldn’t have to be patient to know the answer, but as they moved in they triggered the alarms as the guards started rushing and firing at them, doing all they could to kill them. Soon even Seran showed up to confront them, moving with 200 guards, now in most cases they wouldn’t haven been to much for them, but they were all in bad shape, the only person who wasn’t really injured was Simon, as Aliya was exhausted and injured and she hadn’t had enough rest from the battles in Paradise. Valariya, Dio, Leo, Milla, Assa and Naile were all in bad shape, the prison was no kind place, while Mira was in the absolute worst shaping having lost an eye and her left arm, while also having had her body mutilated by Minia of the 5 years of imprisonment, all was hard to look at but the sight they would behold when they finally reached the secret lab would horrify them far more than anything as they would see 8. 

He was covered and connected to what seemed like thousands of wire, while looking in tearthes, his head seemed as though it was split apart, and his legs looked as though they were carverred inwards thousands of time too the very bone. The blood and damage as 8 back would seem ripped open. Minia was merciless in ensuring he would be in the most amount of pain she could inflict, it also seemed half his face was torn apart, it was a horrible sight as all would freeze motionlesss and horror looking at him for several second of shock, as Saren entered the room, laughing and asking if they liked what they saw: 
“Honestly I was shocked to see it to, 3 years ago he wasn’t this bad, but I must admit his screams gave me nightmares. All the screaming in pure agony while Lady Minia worked on him was just to much” Seran said while smiling uncomfortable at the pure horror and fear those screams had. He would hear both the joyous laughs of Minia as she rebelled in his cries, and his anguished cries in pure agony. Those cries made him far too scared to even approach 8. 

As they moved through, Mira made the call: 
“Aliya, move to 8 and stab him with Constraint, Everyone else cover her!” 
As she ordered Saren also made an order: 
“Kill them all, make sure non of them reach 8’s body!” 
As 200 of the Consa house attacked, in it was a scramble and a difficult situate for Mira and her group, they did all they could but she was confident, as non could accomplish such a task but here as she seemed to just flow through, turning intangible over and over and over, while they all covered her move, as she moved to eight, just inclines from him a shoot of mana pierced her stomach, as Saren laughed: “I’ve studied you long enough, after all your Cai’s(referring to Arai) favourite creation, I know you need to be tangle to even stand on the ground and breath, you can’t keep your intangibility art active always, so I waited just as you were about to reach lord 8 too fire than, a special seal: Life/Death-Energy: Mana virus, a spell that when it piercies the body spreads a special virus that kills the target, it had a 100% fatality rate. 
As Aliya caught herself and moved still as the pain and agony of the virus spread through her body, she screamed as she stabbed Constraint within 8’s very heart: “For Lord Kazemi!” 
As the blade entered his body a echoing flow of mana entered him, it was Cai’s remains emotions and mana merged within Constraint, as it flowed into his mutilated body, as the energy reached him a bursting sound streamed from the the blade, as it screamed the order Hope hd placed in it which all she had left it was the choices that neither Criya or Simon had thought of it was: 

“Save Yourself!”

As those words passed, all in the room would swear that they heard a heartbeat in that moment, a deep pulsing beat of a heart, as it seemed no it was 2, it was 2 heartbeats. As Aliya would lean and fall onto 8’s contracted body, with the blade in his chest, he would open his remains left eye looking down at Ailiya’s dying body, Aliya stared back as her vision became blurry, as she smiled with blood pooling from her mouth, eyes, nose and ears, she reached forwards her arm to touch his face as though trying to say goodbye. As 8 lowered his face to pass the hand, as he opened his mouth, bearing not teeth but fangs, many broken down from the torture from Minia in the last 5 years, as he would bit and rip into Aliya, he would but into her, as Valariya froze in absolute horror, as she watched 8, ‘kill’ his sister, just as the image and memory of watching him kill her father came to her. As she thought in horror: “I had almost forgotten, that his nothing but a tool, no he’s a monster, an absolute MONSTER!

She said as Leo screamed at him in rage, as it would be silenced by 8’s roar, it wasn’t just a sound, no it was a statement, as his mana flowed through he roared once again as the flash of a command entered his mind: 
“Put your very Core into it: Save Yourself!” 
He thought of it as his mana ripped forward, it ripped and ejected all the cables and wires from his body, it pushed all out as Mira froze, this wasn’t a roar of rage, no it was far more terrifying, so much so that no one in that room could, all she could sense was pure unfiltered hatred from 8 right now it was nothing but the hatred he had stored up from the 5 years Minia had ‘lovingly’ abused him. It was all of that brought out In full. His heart beat signified it, the resealed of 8. Now he was healing, his bones pulling themselves together, while his flesh seemed to grow back, and move, his hair seemed to grow alot in that second, but it moved, as his wings repeated themselves… no they didn’t just repair, they became bigger, more detailed, as a new pair of wings appeared fro his lower back, as they watched as a whole new set of horns formed from his head. They all bared witness not to the champion, or the emperor, no it was clear this was a monster. All his draconic features seemed to consume him more, as his flesh became far more scalier, his mana spread through. Mira stood in fear as she felt the sensation of a Demon(Alma fully merged with their Ferali beast) coming from him, no it was more than that. He didn’t really change in size no, she started the same height, no he was slightly taller and more monstrous. They all looked in fear and horror at 8’s new form. 

He roared, he roared as he did Valariya noticed he seemed to chew and swallow something, as he thought back ask looked at her sister at his feet, Mira moved and gathered all of them as 8 roared and in an animistic primal roar, as Mira thought to herself, “We’re all about to die!” 