Part 4: The False Empress vs The False Goddess

Part 4.1: The Champion of Prima!
[Cai(Arai) Narrating as she walks through the city on 2 particular days as the question is asked to the people, holding the book The Sofia made(the first half), that had been circulating] What is the Primals Champion to you (we switch to many different peoples views, first before 8 saved them during Heaven’s assault, after the trail no longer was active). “It’s our hope made manifest, our last hope, a myth of a story to give us hope. It’s a lie made to keep us weak. It is salvation, and our faith. It is a legend, nothing more. It is was last chance to live a good life. We have sacrificed millions of our people for the champion to emerge, yet he will never come, he was a lie to make us weak… The champion is a lie that sacrifice is worth nothing. It shall be our payment, our reward for offering so much for it.” That last one made Cai unsettled. 
As we cut back to the same location after Eight Consa(8) appeared, the response from the people:
“He is our saviour, he is our hope made manifest, he is the one who will lead us to the future we were promised centuries ago. He is proof our fore-fathers and mothers were right. He is our wish made manifest. He is our leader, the saviour. The dread of the Orians!, he is salvation made flesh. He is the manifestation of our sacrifices!” 

“He?”, she repeated in her mind: “I wonder if these people even realise, that they’re all refrain to the champion as ‘him’ instead of it.” How terrifying, the effects a story can have on people, Criya found a book, it was an old dusty book, clearly written centuries ago. It had no author, it had no name, but it was clearly a story, or was it? I don’t even know myself anymore, I’ve spent enough time with that system to not be sure. I thought I knew, I thought I understood. But the more and more I worked around him, the more and more I watched him, the more and more I lost my idea of understanding. 
If there’s one thing I know for a fact at this point, it’s that everything I belived I knew about 8 was wrong… Everything.” 
She was moving in the city as she did often after missions, it was her way of relaxing. Of thinking, but she walked over the years she noticed it… the change in attitude towards 8. He was known as a human, he used spells, but his demeanour that day, no it. Was since that day when I heard him talking to Criya, that day I heard him. He was so much more than a myth, I never knew. I heard Minia order him to be the champion.. but I never expected he would act so much like him. Now, now I’m reading this book and I can say… this is him, what does it mean(Note Cai, doesn’t know the origin of the book, and found it now). 

I can’t believe this book has been circulating quielty in the shadows for years now. But I can’t believe it, this truly is him, this man in the book, it the mirror image of that monster… I even spoke to Pandro about it, he acted strange towards me mentioning it but than again he had more on his mind, like dealing with his kids, but I feel like he knows more than his letting. 

She paused and thought for a moment: “What a fool Nevir was, thinking he understood him, thinking he could sue him for his goal, using him… than again I guess it shows you exactly what kind of authority 8 has now, even the elders, the most stuck up on rules and traditions didn’t oppose his decision!” That is terrifying to think about. The cloat that man… that thing has now is terrifying. Well not like I can’t really judge him to much, even I was naive when I ordered him, If there is one thing I have come to realise… 

“The Primal Champion Eight Consa… I don’t understand him, it at all!” 
(The title the Primla Champion was a secret nickname the people were calling him, none ever spoke it publicly but it was akin to a secret that everyone knew, but no one ever revealed.) 
Cai continued as she though, I have seen him, I have watched him train people, there was a time a few years ago when he was training Criya, Mira and Pandro… Criya had invited Aliya to come and join in, it was clearly 8’s choice to have him invite use through. He was so excited, he looked like a child excited to have a play date. Criya was always alone, I’m sure 8 forced him to invite them, but there was more to it, there must have been as I saw that smiling face stare at Valariya and Aliya. I knew what deal Aliya had made, she had given her core before the trail, and the tool she got was on a different class, it was superior then Constraint and the Beast-Tool combo of Winter and Bearusil{Note add all the new weapons in the library section}
He watched them, it was than that he praised me for the first time, the way he said it drove me crazy: “There’s cores are incredible Cai, you’ve excessed my expectations!”
Now I watched him train them, teach them but more than that I saw him manipulate them. 

Criya was always a little off, i heard how he was always treated as weak and pathatic in the village, and yet to see him this skilled, well it was a shock, a shock Dio couldn’t except. 
He even pulled Taalor’s best subjects, Dio and Leo into the equation. Leo hated 8 and I know he knew that for a fact, but he used the aspect of him to drive him to be stronger, his pride. He show cased Criya infront of him, and Leo was livid as to how amazing he was, and it burnt him, it made Leo work alot harder for the mission to be better than Criya, but he never even got close to his skill. 
Then Dio, oh Dio, he used his feelings for Valariya, oh he did. Leo was also so verbal about how he like Valariya but Dio. He was quite about it, it wasn’t obvious but 8 knew, he saw something there. In all missions he had Leo fight near Criya. He wanted him to see Criya, and that was the motivation Leo needed to work harder. But he let Dio act as the backup to Valariya. He made one simple rule, valariya was not to be hurt and that was all Dio needed. 
Valariya and Criya were the main heart of their squad. Criya was the spear, while Valariya was the main of support, her abilities were perfect for it, and she was never great at hurting people, but that wasn’t her role. 
Now Aliya, I made full us of her, her ability in sneaking into impossible places and getting information and data back to me, I(Cai) was the head of intelligence and data gather and Aliya was my best spy, and he made me use her for the best and hardest inflation missions. 
It was so amazing to see. Now there was also Milla Ores(Electric-Light-Dark; Chaotic-Light core alignment. Female) She was the best of the 10% of S’s group and she was amazing, now unlike Taalor group who used Toma’s data. S’s used 8 aswell, but his method was crude and dark.  He made sure that only the most capable would survive, can helped him, but this was more crude. 8 gave her a beast: “Web”, was it’s name and it was a giant spider like beast. It seemed to be able to connect and create webs and nets of electricity pf different natures: Black webs ot absorb and capture, white ones to spread information and project{Add this beast as a AKzemi beasts}. They weren’t trained like Cai trained her student. And he forced them. Now Milla was in all rights the best of his group and she didn’t hate 8. No she idolised him. A outsider who was fully entranced by him, she was as old as Valairya, she didn’t go through the Consa hypnotic treatment, but she still she did her best. She was the pillar between Criya and Valariya in combat.

I watched it all, how he would use their own desires and wants to his own goals. It terrified me, it still does. It made me wonder. What if… what if he know of my nature and desire for perfection, what if he knew what it was that made me happy. I will admit, I loved working on them(Aliya and Valariya) it reminded me of my time in the academy. Not learning but creating, building and making people understand magic and arts. It what I was good at, no great at, and here I am now, doing the same, and I love it, I love it when he praises me for what I am good at. His drawing me in to him. And I know it. 
I realised it after Nevir what he truly was doing… 

Nevir used everything, he in all rights out his core into that request to 8. AN the thought he wouldn’t have to pay, he used 8 to save Sofia, and condemned his core to 8. He now belongs to him. Sofia and Padro would get married, she would be with the man she truly wanted but Nevis’s core was now 8’s and there was nothing he could do about it. I laughed at him when I found out, I really did, maybe I was laughing at the old me too. I did the same thing when I made the seal. But it all amounted to very little, now. 

She was talking and thinking about the recent events and now, she also though about that moment, and how Nevir lead to a moment that would lead them all to hell… 
Minia bared witness to 8’s influence in that room that day, and it amazed her. It was everything she had ever thought the legendary champion would be., The peak, the top of the food chain. The being none could ever ever stop. And she had read that book, that book with a goddess who helps him. To her she needed to be his goddess, no she was his goddess. Not Arai, and she had the very legend on her leash, not Namo, her. It was enough and that moment she wanted him more than anything, more than life itself. She wanted to show off. 
The legend the people where now praising and bowing to. She wanted to make sure it was clear. And she wanted to make it public. [Now these events took place 2 years before the wedding of 8 and Minia]. 
But maybe it was fate, as Axola Vane, he began to attack more ferociously with a lot more force. Well in a way this was a blessing in disguise. As in the 2 years Eight lead the Primals to battle against Axola(She is resting as she came back from a final massive battle now). 

Axola used all he had in his disposal, and it wasn’t a single attack, it was a calculated mass of war. I could see my brothers(Tenza’s) work and plan at hand. I don’t know why but 8, he gave me(Cai) the job of understanding and being the main person to counter and deal with his plans. It was scary to me at the time, it made no sense, why me, why would he select me again. Maybe deep down he knew I was Arai, maybe he knew the simple truth. I don’t know but I was made to deal with my brother, while Mira, well she was asked to deal with Tola. It wasn’t a surprise, no it was expected. He made sure to position all his most powerful warriors in the perfect position. 
He had Nevir and Alex deal with Duki, while Pandro and Sofia dealt with Olda. It was so strange watching him plan and deal with all the treats that came our way. His positioning and planing, no one wanted to fail him, not even me. And I didn’t realise it till now, how well he could read people, and how powerful and danger that ability is. Mira was right about it, about him. That thing isn’t a man, he isn’t even a monster. I don’t know what to consider him, and that scares me so, so much(she said with a horrified smile and tear falling down her face)

Aloxa vs Eight was a 2 year endless stretch of war and conflict. I was brutal and in right the Primals had absolutely no chance of victory, none really. Even Aloxa realised that the only reason the survived was because of 8 and his intervention. And 8 wasn’t a fool either. He was in all rights able to see far more than Aloxa, he could see the difference in strength from the get go. If he was just the champion from legend than Axola plan to override and over power 8 with consecutive waves of attacks until he was drained was brilliant. But there was a fact that only 2 people knew only Sofia and PAndro knew and only Pandro knew the full consequences of this effect. 8 had read the first chapter if the 2nd book of the Emperor part. It showed oh the champion started to build the Primals empire up. How he started to not only fight alone, but fight with others, he was starting to use people for his gaols. 

He didn’t fight alone, he used use, his warriors. We built our own legends under his banner. And he watched and smiled for the back, It was insanity. We should have lost but we didn’t he made sure of that. We were driven. We were always supposed to lose but the idea of losing, of failing him was far too terrifying. In some cases it was even scarier to fail 8, than it was to die. What insanity is that. He only ever moved in to face Aloxa himself. He only appeared in the most lost battles where there was no choice but for him to appear. And those were the moments his legend grew more and more. The more soldiers who surived and came back home, the greater his legend became. It was amazing. 

[Some exchanges between Axola and Eight]: 

Eight look at Axola, it wasn’t their first meeting, but the result never changes: Axola spoke: “You really are a coward, not fighting your own battles”, Eight smirk at him, he was standing surrounded by the corpses of thousands of Orians, Ferali and Celestials laying at his feet: “You know this is what the 5th time me and you have met each other, honestly its Vermin after Vermin with your clan. When is papa Vermin gonna stop sending is pathetic child to fight his battles and deal with me himself.” 
I mean the first vermin(Nuro), couldn’t get the job down, and now vermin number 2 isn’t doing all so great either. Not once, not even once have our exchanges ever ended in your victory, and here and now what this is the 5th time we have met. You’re only alive cause I don’t feel like getting the blood of a vermin on my beatufil shoes” Eight smiles and continues: “Well how about I make this interesting, (He crossed his arms and extended his wings), I won’t need my hands to deal with a Vermin like you this time. I will only use my wings to beat you down!” He said as he flowed his mana. 

He won, he never killed Axola, instead he made him suffer more and more per battle,  it was absolutely humiliating for him each time. Eight wasn’t just a warrior he was a general who moved his peices to the best spots on the battlefield and made full use of them. 

Mira never let her emotions control her, she dealt with Tola over and over with control and focus, Sofia was dedicated, as she was a new mom on the battlefield, always graceful, always making sure that she would share the story if their victory to her new born children. It was a marvel to witness. Nevir and Pandro moved like they had no choice. 
It was in these years that the Eight champion title took on a life of its own, it was a living breathing thing now, growing, and growing as the soldiers retuned home, soldiers who were sure they would die, now it was their stories of his deeds of all their deeds, of the champions general, of his strategist, his strongest-warrior, his sage, his personal-gaurd(nevir), and his soldiers(All the children). The sentiment grow more and more in two places here: 
1. The people revealed in the stories the soldiers told, they spread more and more stories of how 8 would show up and bodies of the enemies would fall. How there wasn’t being, no devil or angle that could stand before him. 
2. Now for the children it was a mixed bag, the older children never sold into his image, they saw the monster and only that. The monster of the Consa clan, the monster’s beast that killed their families, and most of all they all refered to that monster silently as ‘Z’, as that was the name he was known by by them. But the younger children, well they saw the emperor in him, not the champion but the emperor as they had heard the full tale from Valariya as a bed time story, their brain washing was imbedded, it was now more latched on at 8 as the emperor, only they knew that. And it was all they needed, a man who would lead them and protect him, his army was unstoppable, and they saw themselves as that emperors soldiers, the soldiers who fought and built the nation, that was how they viewed themselves(Very important for the Empress vs Goddess part to come). 

Now all this took places after the events of the Sofia and Pandro’s wedding, Minia soon after that event announced that she and Eight would get married, it was drawn out and set out for 2 years thanks to the effects of Axola. 
Again we must emphasise here the Primals were in all rights damned to die and go extinct, even they knew there was absolutely no way they could win this war, but they in all manners speaking didn’t just survive, they thrived and it was thanks to 8 as Cai(Arai) explained. He didn’t fight the battles himself, he moved his pieces his soldiers where they would be most useful. 
He made moves and decisions and placements that seemed odd. But worked perfectly. But a major reason was how his influence on Cai, Mira, Nevir, Sofia, Pandro and even more on Aliya, Criya, Milla Ores effected the battle, how he aligned and positions his forces like Dio, Leo and Valariya in positions where they wouldn’t just thrive, but rise. He in all rights never ever inserted himself as Emperor, but it was clear he was thinking like a general. He cultivate and aligned. He never killed Axola, no he emberassed him over and over and over, until he lost it. Axola’s hatred for 8 was pure, and it make him make mistakes. He never was removed from his position, no instead the kept pushing, till his forced the forces of the Orians’s were in a proper way crippeled. He stuck their major point, weakening them. 

Cai using her knowledge and skill planted propaganda, that in all rights shouldn’t have work, it was fortunate for her that she had a ghost in her mits(Aliya) with abilities far beyond imagination and skill. She was the intelligence, facing of against her brother Tenza and she planted lies and secret so deeply that the Alma and Spirtis who already didn’t like each other(Mostly due to the war between Vraka and Selis), that made it impossible for them to fight another war. Azen and Elorah both needed to focus on recovering their people and even had to deal with the civil war that in a way broke out between the Alma and the Spirits. All while 8 was moving his forces in. Mira, Pandro and Nevir were fighting their forces directly with their forces. He moved them in. 
8 Even used Alex’s hatred for Pandro in his favour. 

And Cai noticed it, and it made her even more terrified. She had read the infamous book, and she saw the signs. But she didn’t now about the Emperor section, and that was what made his actions strange to her. In a way he wasn’t acting like the champion in the story always. He only did so when he moved into the battlefield. It was clear he wanted the people to suruvive and win without him, as though he was preparing and building a true army, and unstoppable army. One that would fight with him and be capable of destroying any foe, it was clear but Arai, she couldn’t fully see it, the champion in the story was a loner. A one man army, and he did appear that way in many unwindable battles. 

Now a major and important point of view was growing amount the Primal warriors. One that one had noticed. Cai was always and nearly always at 8’s side, she was in a way the strategist(hence her title) this is very important for the next part. Mira and Sofia both acted as 8’s left and right hand. But it was clear Cai was the brain of the operations, the one who 8 left in charge when he was busy or unable to lead. It was her. And her legend grew more and more from this. So much so that the younger children in their silence started seeing her as the Empress, the woman who in the story made the emperor. Now in the story it is framed that the champion was a one man army, he was not the type to fight alongside others. But the Empress changed that. She showed him what an empire what people needed wasn’t only a powerful warrior. But also a powerful leader, that was what she was. And to them just as 8 fit the model of the Emperor, she fit the model of the Empress. The woman who stood next to the champion and made him from a warrior to an emperor. 

The myth of the champion, of the emperor grew more and more in those 2 years. Far too much, as Minia never stopped the growth of it. And sure enough the story of the Emperor also started to grow a bit more, as the children would share the story more and more and more… 


As the war against the Orians was nearing its end, the Orians no longer had the resources, the support it. Their number were still overwhelming but there was to much happening on Orians for them to carry on fighting effectively. It was now as a month of what seemed like pieces took place that they events of Consa wending would take place. 



Part 4.2: THAT ONE SUMMER NIGHT!

Now during the 2 years, Minia was swimming and basking in the glory of 8. She was never in the fights, in the wars in the battles. But it didn’t matter she was the one person who ordered 8, but she was careful. She noticed how 8 was taking longer and longer to say yes to her orders, so she didn’t make many of them. During the 5 years he was mostly acting on the command to be the champion, and he wouldn’t hold back. All the glory he obtained in battle was directly attributed to the Consa clan, and to her, she was in all respects drunk on power. Ordering the elders of the Primals with no hesitation, many didn’t like her, no they tolerated her out of fear. They feared 8 would leave them. That was the power that she held in the courts and in the Primals. Now she was also losing her mind in pure love with 8. While he was at war. Now these last 2 years she was constantly talking about him. 
To all who saw her and heard she was in pure love. A love many would describe as child like and pure. She would speak of him in such a way that many couldn’t help but want to see her with him. All his victories and accoplishments, she would celebrate with the people in the city. 
In all rights she raised the spirits of the poeople. She reported on all the victories, and on the rare occasion they lost, she wouldn’t hide it. No she would be public about it and reassure people that they would win. She was in all rights the champions goddess. The people queen. And many people adored her for it. 
But her experiments never ended. She was still helping Evelyn with the resistance, she was still attacking and capturing the children in the resistance, and continuing their subjection to her and her people. More and more in the 2 years, they were sorted by those with and and without cores, They transfered the cores of the captured Orians into them, those who lost were killed, and those who succeeded were sent to war. It was here in those battlefields on those camps that the legend of the Emperor grew more and more.

While the people in the city saw the champio, more and more of the warriors saw the emperor all thanks to Valariya’s story. The story that spread, the story that stopped the tears. They were children in war, many were under the revised hypnotic trance of the Consa by Cai, and they all heard it, and the legend spread, as the battles continues as time went on. It was clear that the people in the city gained more of their myth expended by the stories returning soldiers had to tell. But even they started to see him differently. 
It wasn’t apparent, it was clear but there was a divide. One that no one saw. The stories that made the myth. One of the silent and clear examples was the difference between Minia and Cai. Many knew it, the relationship that none truly understood. None got more praise from 8 than her. And none should an understanding of his will and desires than Cai. It was something people on the battlefield saw. And rumours spread. Through the gossip, through the change. As slowly more and more children quietly called her the Empress. While in the city the reputation of Minia had marked her as the Goddess. Minia heard the title she was called in revealed in it. And through the rumours she heard it, the empress in the battlefield, it was strange, it was scary and she was confused by what it was. She never knew who it could be. Could it be Sofia or Mira? 
To her the only logical person that nick name lead to was Mira. Sofia was married, she had 2 children and in all rights was in love deeply with Pandro. That was clear. So who else, well Cai never once crossed her mind, she was absolutely loyal to her, she reported back everything that occured in the war in detail to her. She had the most children and highest group of poeple, of children of successful warriors. So no she could never… 
But Mira, well she had been spending more and more time with 8 before the 2 year war(When she was training with him) and she was the only woman who could feet the mold in her eyes. She was concerned and very superstitious. More than anything she was scared, scared of the idea of him leaving her. He never showed affection for her, only that robotic demeanour. 

Now as they all returned home, she had in her time taken care of Pandro’s children and even desired her own, yes… a desire of a woman she thought. And what an honour it would be, no an absolute joy it would be if she could bear the children on the champion. No even more than that it would cement her positions. As she knew that. 
Now we need to clarify a darker detail of Minia, she as a woman had no real experince in sexual deeds. Even that ‘first kiss’ with 8 was truly her first. She was flustered at the idea even scared by it to some extent. 

As she desired she made a choice, she would make sure on all details partaking that. First she moved the wedding date to be in a weeks time. And she ordered 8 to be with Ember, now her first idea and she made it clear with Cai in the room, as she looked at him and her as she made the order. it was ment to be a simple report back on all the major events. 
Alone in a room with Just Cai and 8. Minia would sit and listen to Cai, as in her cruelty ordered 8 to sleep with Cai. He didn’t, he couldn’t. In all right Cai was a citizen of Heaven, she was a Primal, and the Champion would never ever hurt any of his people in such a way as he responded to her in a. Cold and robotic manner: “Unable to perform that request, it violets the order to be ‘the champion’!” He explained, as Cai stood in worry and fear(Arai also wanted nothing to d with sleeping with someone based on her fear and hatred from being an Ascen woman), so in pure relief she relaxed as Minia smiled and replied to them: “Really, well its a good thing we have a non-Primals woman now don’t we!” 
Cai looked at her confused but she soon realised that the only person the only one she could be talking about was Ember. 

Now she was still in her cell in her facility when 8 appeared before her. As Minia was behind them watching, she laughed a bit at Ember: “Well I am a bit jealous, I would have loved to be his first woman, well no that I think about wasn’t there a different woman he loved before you? Most likely he was with her even before you, I guess were both unlucky in that regard, we get that woman’s second’s, It burns me to think about, it really pisses me off, but its fine, I enjoy it regardless. Damn I am such a loving woman as she laughed while listening to Ember’s cries…:”You really should thank me, I’m kind enough for you have the man you love, oh sorry I mean his corpse, your lucky to be with his corpse. You’d better be thankful to me your noble ‘Goddess’ for blessing you with such a rewards. Thank me oh peasant woman.” As she said and watched, laughing at Embers cries. 
Ember hated it, not because it hurt, no he was gentle, he made sure to be careful and he knew how to make sure she would enjoy it. A result of his core. In all rights he knew exactly what was needed to make her ‘enjoy it’ and Ember hated that more than anything. Cai was also present and horrified over it, over the fact that Ember who was in all right the same as her, she hated the idea of having children, of a man being with her, but here it was as she watched it with Minia who both in all rights found her enjoyment of it, to be terrifying for different reason!

As at the end Ember was left there to be treated by Cai, Now we notice a bit of Minia from Cai’s perspective. As she was horrified at the sight, it make her hate Minia far more than anything. She in all tights wanted to kill her, end her right there and than. But 8 wouldn’t allow it, and she knew it. He would protect her, and make sure she was safe. She knew about her order to him to protect her, she even left a special defensive art to keep her safe at all times. 
Minia left with 8 as Cai would note, pure excitment as she sang about she would marry this man in a week, and be with him forever. She was now excited. So excited that she got drunk, drunk on power, drunk on all she had obtained, she was so happy, so exceedingly happy about it that it was scary to witnessed. As she started to sing and dance, as she recalled all she had been through: 

Her father and the way he treated her, her own inability to connect to people and obtain their respect and all she had was the recondition of Sofia, but she wanted her fathers recognition, but it wasn’t there, no her father throw her away, but that was fine, she had her fathers dream, his passion, his devotion to herself. And she even now had a friend an equal, a person who was her equal. Arai, but she was not conscious, she was sleep. She had always talked her unconcious body, as it didn’t react. But she was her equal, her friend. The only person in all aspects she saw as an equal. And she even had the very thing that woman sacrificed her, Hope and Zoe’s cores to to stop. And she had it in her grasps. He was everything she had wanted from the 2 people she wanted approval of, and it was bliss, a bliss that made the Hypnotic seal of Namo react, and applify those feeling even more. It reacted to all thing about the champion, about the legend. It ensured a devotion and absolute love for the true champion and lengend around it. But more than anything it reacted because Minia knew 8 was the champion, it wasn’t a rumour, A fiction ,A myth at all. No to her it was reality, her reality. In her excitement. IN that moment she truly snapped, she was consumed in her own mind, as she laughed in pure ecstasy. 
This was the greatest day of her life and she would seal it by being with 8 in that moment. 

She took him, right there in. Under the eliminating light of the full moon, with stars preparing the stars, right there she.

That Summer Night she was with him. As she slept with him under the night sky. 



Part 4.3 Kazemi - The Engine of Experience!

But what she didn’t realise, something Cai thought about while treating Ember was the simple question. Can he make someone Pregnant? 
Surely not as she checked him herself, his body may have seemed normal to the average eye, but she new that his reporiction was altered, it was there that the Core of the body lied(Zoe’s core) this whole body was in all rights an engine, a machine with a simple purpose: Fight! - he was simply a being born to fight, nothing more nothing less. But she was wrong, as to Cai he was much more, in the words of Arai - “He is An Engine Of Experience!” And what living being would ever pass the chance to procreate and spread its genes! Gense? No. Cores!, he was a being who was made of cores and thus is cores at his core? He would make more cores. But he couldn’t make children no the body had no need for that ability, for the power to create cores that weren’t part of the body. 

It took place in the trail as 8 started using Ascendent Mana(Time, Space, Life/Death), he had idea of how to access these cores initially. He only experienced his first Ascendent spell from Kazmei(Enari), that he used the first Ascendent class spell was only used after he started really threatening Enari in their fight, so you would think he didn’t have any Ascended class cores yet? No he did, as the mana cores increased in number. He started reacting to the mana already in his body, but he needed the ability to create cores. But not his own cores, but the cores he needed to contain the mana of Arai, Hope and Zoe within. It was only after in best guess 1 trillion deaths that 8 was now able to use the Ascendent cores ability. His reproductive system was altered to be able to create other cores initially, than switched to creating cores for 8(‘the tool to use in battle and repair damaged(cells and return them back to new cells that will take it back(Note check KAzemi logs, on how his cores return to new cells when the old cells die))) Now he had created 3 initial cores with this “Core Forge” - a copy of Arai’s, Hope’s and Zoe’s Core to store their present mana already in the body. It was in a way a true evolution of his actual body to do this. It than also created 15 different types of cores, (The will cores, and kazemi’s concept(Design - Faith) set, become.)

Now the cores of Summari and Nighla are special cores, they are cores created from the Forge, their cores became aspects of the Main System(Mind, Heart, Body) to include them: Beginning + Creation(B.C) and Destruction + Ending(D.E) cores as they in a way represented the start and end of the universe of Kazemi. They were very special cores in all rights. 

Now the core 8 placed inside Ember was one of the concept 10 cores. [Note this is why he can only have 10 children(The conceptual cores were designed to be able to become children) and this is why he could be implanted inside Ember(Their genetics of each core was purely random, even 8 didn’t know what gender each of his children would take or have). But in all rights Summari and Nighla, should not have been able to exist in this world. Their cores were made from the core energies of Arai, Hope and Zoe. They needed in a way their mana to be present at the same time for them to be born, and that would have been impossible, as the children, the two cores needed to be in all three, Arai, Hope and Zoe to be able to be born. So now we ask the question, how did they come to be? 

Well we must thank dear old Ember for that: We can in all rights say Ember is the reason for their existence: She was able to in a way merge all three core energies of Arai, Hoep and Zoe into a spell, the spell that Minia is using to control 8. But the spell only works when it receives the mana of Arai, Hope and Zoe to activate the spell. Minia was able to use her rate core of Life/Death-Space, to connect directly to the bodies of Arai, Hope and Zoe to keep the seal active. And the reason she wasn’t able to use her spells at this time was because all her mana and energy was set to be around their cores at all times, she was brilliant and had a very unique and powerful core, but keeping this up was a task. It was why 8 strangled her, it flickered and revealed for a second to him the truth of their cores to 8 when she first used the spell on him. He wanted the cores of Arai, Hope and Zoe. 

Why is this important? Because Minia was a body who was connected to the cores of Arai, Hope, and Zoe at once. To him he was all three of them at once, and this was why he could impregnate her with those 2 cores. Now again they shouldn’t have been able to survive there for long, as they in truth needed the true mana within Arai, Hope and Zoe’s direct cores. 

Minia in all rights could activate and deactivate the spell whenever she needed, esspactially when 8 wasn’t around. But she needed it active to order him. This was why it was a strain on her to keep the spell running for long. And why 8 was taking so long to response to a command was such an issue, she couldn’t keep the spell active for long, and 8 knew that in terms genetically. He needed to keep their cores active. 
And BC and DE was given a special special tool that 8 had created… he made it to fullfil the command to complete the seal. As all 5 cores where needed in truth for this to occur. They needed to exist for that. So now 8 created a tool easpeacanly designed to bind right to the cores of Arai, Hope and Zoe directly. “The Chains of Ventriloquist” which where specifically designed to bind the cores of Kazemi The command cores where such cores. And so when the 2 cores of 8 implanted themself in Minia, she needed to have the spell active, so in that time, the chains spread through her and connected to the spell, than immediately to the cores of Arai, Hope and Zoe. They bonded to them. The mind, the heart and body cores of 8 within they bodied. Linked now again to the cores. Again the cores with eights main body are now the cores of Arai, in his mind, Hope in his heart and Zoe in his body. What They had, was the command cores, the original copies of the cores 8 made of their cores when replicated the mana. But They were only designed simply to: 
The Replicate Electric core of Arai,
The Replicate Energy core of Hope, 
The Replicate Nature core of Zoe

They didn’t have their Time, Space, Life/Death natures yet. That is why they were dying the cores were killing them, but at the same time doing everything they could do to keep them alive. They were indeed still dying and needed the cores to be perfect for them. But still they were the command cores that made up the same system of 8. They reacted with them and used the chains of Ventriloquist to draw their mana continuously to them, allowing them to be able to develop with Minia without issues, well the issue was with Minia as now her core would need to constantly keep the spell active. But he saw the cores of Summari and Nighla in her body, their cores weren’t hidden to him, like the core on Minia was. And they were directly connected to the cores of Arai, Hope and Zoe now, drawing their mana to them. It made it visible to him were their actual cores were. But it took time for him to adjust and filter out the ‘noise’ the spell was creating, in fact it took only 1 week. 

Now when it did clear up. Cai started felling sick she could feel the noises in her head, it was the noice of the cores of Summari and Nighla. Now Ember was effected by this (as well as we explained), She was hearing all the plans, the design and plans 8 made in his 37 trillion deaths against Enari. It was all there and her body wasn’t design for that core to be there, the same thing was the same for Cai. In a way Cai’s body was a special Art made by Zoe at the instructions of Arai. It was a body that was in a way was able to host all their minds one at a time, and even imprint their cores within the bodies, but the main core was always the Nature-Water; harmonic-light core alignment we said it was, it was this cores ability, and in a way can was a Beast from 8. Equipt with a random core from 8 as a cover. She was a genuine Hybrid-Beast/Tool. Made by Zoe from eights body. It was a very very interesting tool, that ran on the mana it obtained from last the core and heart beat. Cai - body as a shelf life of 15 years, it indicated the number of years Arai, Hope and Zoe had before they died. 15 years!
5 Years it was Zoe(When 8 was inactive and Minia and Ember were working on him)
10 Years was Arai(When Zoe struct Minia and gave the power of Cai to Arai’s mind.)
{The last 5 will be Hope}

Now as the 10 Year mark hit, Cai was now receiving a signal from the other 2 original cores, directing right at her mind… it was echoing, even screaming, it was a set of words, no a set f thoughts, she couldn’t here it, she was feeling the thoughts: 

“Begging: Construction of the seal - Creation: Seal progress: 0% - Destruction: Resource in use 5% remaining, [5Years - remaining energy time]{Countdown} - Ending: Unknown(task time: 10 Years.)”

As she fell down at pure mind shacking shock. It was at time that Arai came to a very, very terrifying realisation. He was still carrying out that first order that she gave her. The seal was incomplete, IT WAS INCOMPLETE! 
AS she lost her mind in a terrifying realisation. The core’s mana wasn’t flowing, it hadn’t flowed since its first command. It filled the body with the required mana to fulfil the task it was ordered to execute. The this time, he had been operating with the required to complete the seal. All the energy he had expended, all the power, all the battles he had fought, all that time, for the last 10 years. He was using up all that mana and that mana only!

Now what Arai saw was the log and request information in a way she could comprehend, being sent and analysed by the Cores of Summari and Nighla, what Ember was experiencing was the design, “the design log of the task” it was the design of the seal 8 was constructing, and it was echoing from the design core of the child growing within her, one of his cores, and it was a special core. What drove Ember insane was hearing, feeling the design of the seal Arai requested 8 to finish. 

Again I would like this to be noted as important: The amount of mana 8 had, all that mana that he had used, for the last 10 years was from the command to complete the seal. He didn’t have the components to complete the seal as Summari and Nighla’s command cores were still inside him. All that mana was ment to both bring them to life and complete the seal. If the bodies of Arai, Hope ot Zoe were to have been impragnated, they would have in fact had normal 9 month birth cycles as normal. They were agains designed with the system They wouldn’t have had a problem with holding design. Now Ember was never part of that system, plus the complexity of the seal, the design of it, of what it was in truth supposed to hold rove her ‘MAD’!
And again we must ask, what was Arai’s seal supposed to contain? 

Vraka and Selis, well them. But in all realities they are in reality Primals, yes they are Primals born from a Orains and Primal woman and man, but in reality Orians and Primals are the same race. They just have very powerful cores, the cores of being from Mana, cores blessed with a connection to all 15 cores. That is what Vraka and Selis cores were, cores that are connected to all 15 cores and thus granted the power to use the and Alter the components of mana: Aura and Force so Vraka and Selis Cores Are: 
Vraka : Fire-Water-Earth-Air-Ice-Electricity-Nature-Energy-Light-Darkness-Time-Space-Life/Death ; Chaotic-Darkness 
Selis : Fire-Water-Earth-Air-Ice-Electricity-Nature-Energy-Light-Darkness-Time-Space-Life/Death ; Harmonic-Light 

Which in all rights is unbelievably rare, it is so rare that in all rights it’s impossible, but it wasn’t really all that in the true grand scheme of things. Now I say that because all the Primoirdail of Inifinty Kazemi was a pure mana being and in all realities was able to use all elements, the same was true for all Primordial have all 15 core alignments too, they just didn’t have cores. 
When Mana reincarnated all the 3 Primordials he gave them cores… ‘Cores’, the core of Kazemi was incomplete, it needed other cores in order to be created because of its destruction ability

Now I say this to remind you of the insanity of Conceptuals. 

Mana’s core nature was in all right impossible: (harmonic-chaos); It was just that harmony and chaos which in all right are the main components of mana: Aura and Force. It this detail that made Vrka and Selis special. But again their weren’t impossible. Mana though was impossible, a being that had a harmonic and chaotic core only was insane. Which made his ability, his pure core ability impossible, the power to control the mana of the universe itself. The mana, not the “core”, he could manipulate that energy, and that is why he could kill Primordials like it was nothing, because for him it was nothing than him using his power. Every spell, every spell ever cast is because of him, he is in reality spells, not core techniques, but spell. To be a caster is to in fact have dominant of Mana, which also ties in with what mana levels say about a person’s core and how spells amplifies warriors and society. 
Mana was a being who in all rights is impossible in our world, he is a being that can hear the pillars themselves but he is still bound, What he did, reincarnating his wife as forbidden act, it was a error in the system. So he was consumed and now is in the realm of the Pillars, sealed for what is infinity, while being dead. What the document that Arai used for her creating the same type of seal to try and contain Conceptual beings. But again, they came from a witnesses report, More who saw its account. 
What Arai and Suu made was a “Seal of Vraka and Selis”, A seal to seal Primals. Yes a very powerful seal yes, but not powerful enough to deal seal a conceptual being like “Kazemi-Irane{Note from the record why this name matters in terms of spelling}” Was a conceptual, there was no way the seal Arai was trying to place on 8 would have ever ever sealed him. But again we must remember that the command 8 recieved from his core being created was “Live Kazemi!” This command was in his core, not in his mind =, his main core born for him to live. And that is the true desire of the conceptual, it is to Live, that is what it is at its core. the conceptual was born when Kazemi offered his main core to 8 at the end. It was this that made him, a tool and beast. The body was a tool/beasts mechanism, a True Engine of Experience, for a core to Experience, the world fully, while also being a tool/beast made to absolutely never stop until a order is accomplished. 

The explanation is not yet know to Arai as of now, what she know is:
“
What does Death matter to Kazemi now that he is alive an not in the trail of Kazemi?  This is what Arai asked herself, what happens when he dies? He officially dies, yes he just doesn’t exist anymore, right? I mean when that timer for his mana runs out he just dies, we all die right? We will all die in 5 years when dies? Right, Right, as she started to cry and ask more and more, nd not knowing, terrified her, more than anything in this world because there were 2 possibility: They all die and that is the end of that, we all just die! That is how it works, right!, Right? We will just die, but what if he doesn’t die? What if all that will happened is that his body will run out of mana, will that kill him, what if his core will just release more mana and all his cores will be re-energised, what if we come back, what if we don’t. What if we stay dead, wait, what happens if he does fail the task, he took our cores when I told him to complete the seal. Our cores are within him, I know that. I took the command cores in exchange right. HE just smiled at me, that smile, that empty mind, it was just empty, until I heard it “Love Kazemi!”, I imprinted my core for him to love? That was it right, it must have been right” As she thinks back and the message, no the thought continues, the command: 
“Begging: Construction of the seal - Creation: Seal progress: 0% - Destruction: Resource in use 5% remaining, [4Year.11.Months.3Weeks… {till seconds} - remaining energy time]{Countdown} - Ending: Unknown[task time: 10Years.0Months.0Weeks…]{counting up}”
It flashed in her mind, over and over and over, she couldn’t think straight and it made her feel so uncomfortable, it was terrifying, what happens if when it reaches 0, the command in his mind ends to. And that conceptual is born…

A conceptual, as Arai know of was a conceptual was a beings of emmence power, gone was her ignorance of the Fact that conceptual were ‘Gods’ as described by the Ascen, but a new truth was implanted, a truth that caused  fear within her, a dread of fear.. a fear that Conceptual were monsters. As she knew the history of the Primals and what the Primordials truly were. She was scared, so scared of letting that thing loose into our world, she jumped at the fact and tried to seal, it when that failed she implanted an thought, in his mind, believing to have been Live Kazemi, to Love Kazemi. To him, to 8 all his cores are part if kazemi, are him. but she had ordered him to ‘Love Kazemi’, and she made her deal, with offering the 3 cores.
As Arai froze as she looked at the thought in detail. Yes this was a log, what is the data, what is the data? As she was examining Ember she heard it, in her the core within now was also reacting to her, she was also herring the design. As but far more, she could see the full design of 8. The True Design to. 
What Ember was hearing was just the design of the seal that 8 was supposed to create the design of how 8 solved problems and planned, his cycle, his design ti implement, born from his forge and was driving her insane, hearing it over and over. Experiencing it on her core. 

Now Arai, was also suffering in Cai’s body, but for her it was just a headache, it was bad but not as bad, as she was able to look at the log, the design of the seal. She saw what driving Ember crazy and it was terrifying but her mind would have survived. But it didn’t. Because of what Arai did 
(Now she was experiencing it in the form of thoughts, she is touching Ember’s belly who, core is now experiencing. What Arai saw what the design in her mind, while experiencing the massive headache, it allowed her to connect to the core of design through the cores B.C and E.D. as she was now, and see the design and why the “log”, and body assigned that much mana to be used on the construction of the seal she asked for, 

Now she understood, it, not well but well enough to throw up right after, well enough to not scream herself, well enough understand that what he ordered him to do was place a seal around himself, around his core, around the conceptual being he was… 
And this is the mana required to use it, for the last 10 years all he’s been running on was the mana to execute that command,

She started to laugh: “Am I going crazy, am I okay, what did I do, what have I done, this is impossible, what did you do to yourself mana, seriously, what is this, a seal, no a seal like this is impossible, impossible, his impossible he can’t exist, he shouldnt exist… shouldn’t exists, By the pillars. Oh no, no no no no no  no…” As she continued on, the design wasn’t driving her crazy, no it was the way it was set. She saw the thought of the design, not the feeling and design of it and what it was supposed to contain. Right now ember is experiencing that design. After all, how can you execute a design adn plan, without expiencig. Its end result yourself. That was it, she was experingin the seal. The idea of it, its design like 8 would have set it up.
She thought about and continued: “My pillars, my gods, what has been brought into our reality?” 

Then she realised, she could also look a something, she had all the logs, all of them, all 37.2 trillion logs of design, of planning, or events in 8. She had them in her hands, no now she could see it herself, that he truly was, and in order to do that she would have to see the first commands he set himself, what Design had was the design of the 3 orders he had placed on himself: 

[Look at ‘Z’/8 vs Kazemi(Enari) when he removes his memory, it is what made him what he was.] As she realised that her order was the 4th order he ever had? Fourth, what were they?


1. His Order to “Forget Z” about the Trail! - “Never Give Up!” (He literally ordered himself to forget about himself in order to accomplish that tasks)
2. His Order to “Defeat Kazemi!” - “Put your very Core into it!” (Created the body and system that is him!” 
3. Kazemi’s Order to “Live Kazemi!” - “Conceptual Creature is Born!”
4. Arai’s order to Complete the Seal Around!” - ‘’Love Arai Kazemi!”

Hers was just showing the data log left, her and now she could see it, what it was that made 8, himself, She could see what the tool was constructed by, but for her ot see that, she would have to make Ember’s core experience that design f him. She could die, no right now she was chanting some words but she mentally okay, she. But what would happened to her if design made her experience that, would she be okay? She knew she would be no matter what, it would hurt her maybe, it could drive her crazy, no it would Cai’s body crazy. She was scared of knowing such information, and she was scared about dragging ember into it, but she needed to know, to understand, and she knew what she was doing would scare her forever. as she apologiesed, to her, as she looked at the design stored with the core of 8. 

She looked as silence fell, the very first report, was his order to “Forget himself!”, he chose to erase himself, and remake himself, to change and to never give up! That was his first order… and it was echoed with Zoe’s life death mana pattern. It was confusing, why, why would he ever order that, why would he made himself forget himself, erase himself, to destroy himself completely, why? For goal would a man choose to Erase himself?
Well the second report would answer that, 

As she moved from curiosity she thought to the second order design, As she sheer weight of all of it crashed on them, Ember screamed, and screamed for would seem forever and ever, and it wouldn’t stop, it wouldn’t stop, not for a whole week. As Cai sat in pure silence holding Embers belly as she screamed for a full week. Motionless. 
(Now we need to note, ember doesn’t really go insane and its beause all she is receiving is the feedback of the mana on her core, it was the same effect of 8’s core on people. That is was she was feeling and it was echoing on her core. It was in a way effecting her ‘soul’, and she didn’t see all the report were about to talk about but only the report of the last battle, not all 37.2 trillion battle, just the last 2. As it took her a week to expense the final 2 battles on her core, while Arai looked at all 37.2 trillion ones, as she was thinking about them seeing them as logs to “read” in her mind, like a book) And it took her a full week, a full week even with her mind it took her a week to read detailed on that 2ns report. 
It was the reports on how 8 came to exist. All 37.2 trillion deaths and rebirth all of them and we’ll… see just laughed. After a week of being in a lucid state she just started laughing, As Ember screams ended from her just experiencing the last 2 fight out of 37.2 trillion. Arai looked at them all. And laughed. It was this moment she understood the pure unadulterated insanity of an event 8 had survived, in all her view, she viewed them all, and it was too much, it was just… even for her this was too much… far far to much.This were the lengths he had to go through, there are 37.2 entries here. 37.19 trillion failures and 1 success. 1 out of 37.19 trillion failures. 
She laughed as she thought in pure horror as she reasoned after a week of sitting there, in the backdrop of Ember screaming at the last 2 battles(The last battle when before he won, and the battle he did win). While she had seen it : 
“He failed 37.19 trillion times and only succeeded once! I don’t think I don’t think this will ever end, no it can’t I don’t think he should fail, no he won’t fail. My core will be his, it will be, he will succeed, he can’t fail, he will fail and fail and fail, then get up and keep going, is that what this mean, why, how… no that can’t be!” Then Arai was remembered again of the timer with a headache as it flashed in her mind again.” Wait no, these logs, they aren’t detailed like a different day, more like a chance, all the while he never stopped. It’s clear, he was doing all he could to win, he turned his own body, into something beyond imagination, what the hell? What even, and he choose to forget himself before doing it? No way, did he know, did he know, no somethings missing, these are just designs, they aren’t the real thing. Not the true thoughts. My body right now, that is where the truth is, I am just seeing the design, right now my main body, my min core is experiencing all those memories as though it was his own mind, I need to return to it,” 
She thought as her laughter stopped and and a long silence fell. 

As she looked at the 3rd command, Wait what is that? Shouldn’t there only be 3 commands, yes the three cores, had 3 commands within them. The first aligns to Zoe’s Time/Death Core, The second seems etched to Hope’s Space core, but than what core is connected to this command in his 3rd command, isn’t mine set in his 4th command, right. Yes I am set in his 3rd command? Unless…” as she realised in horror, there are 4 commands, that means 4 command cores. The command cores of the third order had Arai’s on it wasn’t her time core, her’s seemed to be etched into his mind, the 3rd log was from something else? Something else entirely as when she opened that design, it was just the word, “…Kazemi!”, And it was strange and in moment of curiosity she couldn’t look further as she was order to attend the wedding. 

IN shock Arai jumped realising how much time had passed, As she fell down in pure exhaustion. And was quickly moved to the Consa house medical bay. 