Part 7: The Price For One’s Core!

Part 7.1: Whatever it Takes!

[Irane was capable of making the Ferali and Celestials his Beasts and tools Through the ability of Iris and Enari, this is connected to how he was able to alter the beasts and tools from Gaia and Cronus for Hope and Zoe. It also adds on to Assa and Rui who had Ferali and Celestial Beasts and Tools. Now Irane can’t force a being to be his beast or Tool. It very important the contract that Irane sets up by also clarifying. Vraka and Selis’s created the Vethara beings. Now we need to make a major distinction: The Ascen and Primals are the same species and with the tempering the Arke twins did created the Ferali and Celestials are made from the Primals. 
Now the Arke twins can only turn Ascen or Primals into Ferali Beasts or Celestial Tools. So they can only turn for example a Ascen or Primal who already has a core and turn them. Now when they alter a being into a Vethara they would need to connect them to their very beings. So say a Primal for example who has a core of Water-ice : Harmonic-Chaos, they would only be turned into a Beasts or a Tool their core would be a beasts of Ice-Water if they are turned by Vraka or a different tool made by Selis. 
Now Gaia and Cronus can only create Beasts and Tools from scratch. In a way they can make a Beasts of a Tool from the scratch based on their abilities. 
And we need to remember that Humans aren’t affected by the life-shortening effect of having a tool or beasts. Now Irane can only make tools for Humans, not for Alma or Spirits, no only Humans directly. But he does have a special ability. Irane can through Iris can if a Celestial swears loyalty to him, he can make them Tools of Kazemi. Same with turning Ferali to be beast of kazemi by Enari. 
Now Tools or Beasts do have personality and knowledge, but the difference is how they behave. Irane can only turn Ferali and Celestials who choose to serve Irane, they are set as Valariyans and not as Apexian’s. And we need to remember that fact!
]

Apexia Empire: 
{A day after the celebration of Irane Kazemi returning as the people were still on their way to fix up the city.} As Irane was passing through city, as people were still happy and celebrating he noticed a little child. Irane had been traveling around the city for the last 24 hours celebrating and showing his face around the people. As he noticed the child. She had the Parah (Check name) Plague: A disease that affects the body and mana of the individual, it appears as a white, grey rash and spreads throughout the body. It also drains the persons mana to grow and spread, making them weaker and sicker as it spreads around. The little girl was covered in the white rash all over her right side of her body and it even covered her right eye making her blind in that eye. She moved away weakly from Irane. She was clearly weak, skinny and clearly hungry. He was in a part of the city which was abandoned, she was there alone. She wobbled to Irane as she looked at up slowly at Irane. Irane thought in his mind: “The disease has spread through her whole body. The only mercy I can give this child was death.” He lowered down to be at eye level with the child as she slowly backed away in shock as she tripped and started falling. In a moment she was in Irane’s arms as she worried as she cried out: “Please my lord I don’t want to give you this illness of mine…” As she said she tried to move away as Irane simply held her tighter as he said: “You don’t need to worry, if I got sick from a disease one of my people had than I wouldn’t cry about it. Where are your parents child?” He asked as she simply look saddened: “My whole families dead…” She said with a sad tone and expression. It seemed she was in pain, talking was difficult as Irane looked at her, all he could feel was pity and helplessness as she continued: “I killed them, I got this illness and after my mother and father died. I was with my bother for some time, but he also got my illness from me and died, I’m all alone my lord, so please I beg of you please let me go, I could not live with myself for cursing you with this illness, please.” She said with tears streaming down her face. Irane noticed it directly how she blamed herself. She looked around and noticed thousands of people in this section of city, all had it. Parah, as they all appeared to have it spreading all over their bodies. Irane looked on as the people moved back, in fear of giving him the illness, none came close. They were all placed here as a make shift containment location, only those with Parah where in this section. Irane looked on in at them all. All the other Primals jumped on him and swarmed him in joy with no hesitation, but here they all didn’t even try to approach. All Irane could think about was how he could simply end their misery and kill them here and now, after all they were all beyond saving anyways. As he looked down at the girl in his arms for a moment: “What is your name child?” The question shocked her as she replied quietly: “Aura…my name is Aura Veil(Light-Darkness-Air; Chaotic-Light core alignment) my Lord.”Her name made him open his eyes wider as hearing it made him feel a way that he wasn’t really sure about. She was no more then 6 years old and yet this child already carried such a guilt, she felt she killed her parents. He looked at her, then looked at the people around as placed the child on the ground. He then asked her: “Aura, have you eaten yet?” As he asked she shook her head as he stood up and looked the rest of Primals in that section of city. Malnourished and weak, as he pulled container with meat and fruit in it, and gave it to her. He placed her down and said he would be back with more later. She looked shock and so excited as she ate it with no hesitation. Irane simply looked on with a smile on her face, as he sent an order to get more food for them all. 

He left contemplated on the best move. They were all on deaths door and in all rights keeping them alive was more of a liability and a waste of resources that could go into better things, it Was the logical move as he thought back to Aura, to how from his assessment of her she only had a handful on months left, she was going to die, they all were, so then why did he feel like a failure, on that moment the voice of Zoe spoke out in his mind: “Don’t give up!” As her words, her command passed over him he looked in the sky: “Don’t give up hey, even in a hopeless situation like this you dare to ask me to not give up hey my body?” He was annoyed as he felt it again, the order to not give up, as Aura’s face kept passing on in his mind. He took a deep breath in: “We’ll I guess in the face of a truly helpless and endless battle against a Primordial, find a solution to a fatal disease should be a peice of cake right…” He said as he took another sigh: “Emotions really are a problem, aren’t they?” He said as he marched on. 
It was now midday as Irane had summoned Mira and Criya over to discuss matters. As they entered they both bowed down as Irane was staring down from the central palace at the rest of the city. He didn’t turn his back as Criya spoke out in joy and excitement: “What do you require from use Lord Irane?” Irane spoke up: “I was in the containment zone by the Eastern wall, it seems there a thousands there who have Parah” At that Criya looked down in sadness, Mira spoke up and asked: “Do you wish for us to grant them your mercy and simply kill them all?” It was the cold and direct was she said it that made Criya jump out, as he yelled out: “What no, what do you mean kill them.” As Mira looked at Criya: “You should know better than anyone what Parah is like, it is hell to live with, it is a hell of an illness, it isn’t called ‘The curse to the living’ for no reason.” Criya yelled out: “ I know that Mira, but still, that does mean we just kill them!” As Mira coldly looked at him, he eyes were cold in that moment as she replied: “And how many more of the Primals do you expect to get the illness, how many of them do you want to suffer? This is not cruelty, but it is mercy, I know Parah well. I lost my mother to it and I can promise you I watched my father and bother treat her as though she was the living dead. They killed her the moment they discovered she had it. It was just on her foot, yet still, they killed her out of fear. Do you believe you can deal with such a curse of Coreporial’s, can you cure them, can you take their pain away and heal them?” Those words made Criya look down. He couldn’t reply, there was nothing he could say to even justify his action. He had created the zone when he was leading, in a way he felt guilt about it getting so out of hand. He blames himself as he said out: “I really am a failure… It was never like this when Cai was leading us, I caused this, I know that so please there has to be a way right Lord Irane, you can save them right?” As Criya pleaded Irane simply kept looking down at the city, he didn’t reply as Mira spoke up: “Even Lord Irane has his limits.” In that moment Criya looked down as he whispered quietly: “There must be a way, there just must be…” As he whispered Irane spoke out: “There might be a way to save them all and cure them of the illness.” In that moment Mira and Pandro both looked at Irane with their eyes wide, as though processing what they heard. In that moment Criya screamed out: “Really you can save them?” Irane didn’t reply as Mira’s eyes went back to their resting position as she said out loud: “Might!?” Criya now paused as looked at Irane, his smile slowly died as Irane simply looked at the city. It was now that Criya wondered what it could be, even Mira was in a way on the edge of her seat to hear him out, His word ‘Might’ was all she think about as she wondered also what it was. 

Irane was silent for some time and its made them both feel uncomfortable, as the long silence in the room as ended as Irane spoke: “This will affect the overall plan in the long run, in truth I don’t know if this is even worth the detour…” As he said Criya asked directly: “Peoples lives are on the line, of course we need to do anything we can to save them!” He said defiantly as Irane spoke: “Even if it means thousands of innocents lives need to end in order for use to survive?” That question made Criya pause at Irane’s words. He was no stranger to killing, he was a soldier, a warrior, but it was the fact that now he had to kill innocents as he bit down on his lip and clenched his fist as he bowed down slowly: “I would take the life of any you command Lord Irane, even if it was the life of an innocent child.” This was all he could come to, the answer to his question. Irane moved his head from looking down at the city and faced towards the starry sky: “I see…” In that moment as Irane looked up Mira moved forward and placed her hand on his shoulder which shocked Criya as he still on his knees watched. Mira spoke up: “I truly am sorry Irane…” In that moment Criya kept looking, he remembered the time during the war, when they trained together as he looked on as Irane spoke: “You know Mira, I met a child in the isolated zone, she was no more then 6 years old. I looked at her and all I could feel was sorrow, and weakness. The fact I couldn’t even help her made me feel so pathetic. I kept thinking how the best option was to end them all and carry on. A single order from me to you and they would all be dead within the hour and I feel like people would still praise me and still be loyal. I hate it so much.” Mira looked down as she thought of the child(Add her name), as she replied: “I know how you feel...” As she said this Irane took a deep breath in: “Her name is Aura Veil. Tell me Mira does that name mean anything to you?” She thought for a moment as she remembered Ember’s words, how the command, the voice in his heart was initially made from the first woman ‘Z’ loved. She knew he couldn’t remember, his mind actively  discarded all mentions of anything tied to his past. He already forgotten Embers words as she replied: “It’s a name that doesn’t mean anything to you Irane.” He replied while still staring at the sky: “I see, and you tell me Mira what is the right thing to ronin your opinion. If I deviate from my initial plan, there is a large possibility that this infant Empire would die before it even took its first breath.” Mira again tapped on Irane’s back as she replied: “Whatever choice you make, just know regardless of what path it leads us, I will follow it, I will follow you to the depths of hell to see it fulfilled Irane!” In that moment Irane took another breath as he finally turned around and looked at Mira and Criya. His eyes seemed determined, as though he had long made his decision as he spoke: “Criya, summon Evelyn and Pandro would you!” In that moment Criya left to get them as Mira asked Irane: “What was the point of all of this if you already made your choice to save them?” As eh smiled and spoke: “In all honesty I was hoping for you to be the voice of reason and tell me to kill them all…” As he said this Mira laughed as she said: “Really, you knew full well I would never give you permission for such if there was an alternative. I would have insisted on killing them all but when you said there might be a chance to save them all, even if that chance is small, if I can prevent what happened to my mother, I will. In all honesty I don’t want to be like my Father or Bother.” Irane looked back and smiled at her: “I see, well than I am truly lucky to have you as my Head General Mira. Thank you for believing in me.” He said so with a smile which made Mira smile. 

In a moment Criya retuned with Evelyn and Pandro, as all bowed and greeted, Irane stepped forward before standing right in front of Evelyn as in that moment Criya asked: “Okay, so will you finally explain what the plan is please Lord Irane.” As he asked Irane looked at Evelyn and asked: “Tell me Evelyn, where do your loyalties lie?” Evelyn felt quite uneasy at the question as she replied: “I made my choice, I am loyal to you Lord Irane.” Irane looked down for a moment. His silence worried her greatly, she felt worried for her very life in that moment, her heart wouldn’t stop beating herd in her ears. In a moment Irane spoke up: “Many would call you a lier?” She bowed down again as she continued: “I am loyal to you, I may not have chosen to be a Valariyan but I am an Apexian, and I swore loyalty to you my Lord.” She said with respect, as Irane replied: “I see, well you know have the opportunity to prove it!” She lifted his head as all present watched on in confusion. Irane moved back to the point he was originally but still looked towards the 4 assembled: “Listen up, I am sending all 4 of you on a mission to Earth.” As he said this Pandro asked in confusion: “What about the assignment to prepare to forces?” Irane spoke up: “We have far more pressing matter to deal with. The lives of thousands of our people, of the Apexia Empire’s people. And its Empire will not simply condemn them to neither a painful or a painless death.” 
There was confusion from All in the room as Irane continued: “The Parah Plague is a dangerous disease, it’s very hard to treat, in truth it is nealy impossible to properly treat. Most a fortunate to get it on their limbs, as they would normally just cut that limb of, but once it is in the organs it is fatal and impossible to remove!” The room was quiet for some time, all present already knew of the disease well so they were confused as Irane continued: “But there is a way to survive and it is called humanity!” All 4 stared at Irane in confusion as Irane continued: “It is true that in terms of Parah, once it appears on your body, in all rights it is nearly impossible to truly get ride of… But we have a method which allows us to in a way abandon our current forms and enter a new body.” 
Mira spoke out: “I see your planing on having all the sick Primals move over to human bodies.” Irane replied: “Correct. Parah does affect the human body yes, but to humans it is no more than a treatable rash in all regards.” In that moment Evelyn asked: “And pray tell how do you know it won’t affect humans?” In a moment Irane revealed his arm which had a grey rash forming on it. They all moved back initiatively out of fear. Irane laughed for a second, the laughter was followed by Summari and Nighla who were as always on Irane’s sides. “Relax, I got this from Aura. I was able to see its effects on my body and watch it. I can easily clear this, it’s more like a discomfort but it doesn’t hurt at all. It’s just itchy in all rights. I can heal this when ever I feel like it, but I decided I will stay with it until you all return.” They were shocked at his words as they kept their distance as Irane showed them the grey mark, It was true that it was for to large if he was just exposed to it that day, it shouldn’t have been that large as in a moment it started to disappear, it stopped as a small bit remained, he kept it there like he said as he told them: “I won’t clear this up until you all return.” They all looked shock as Mira chuckled as she slowly moved towards Irane as spoke: “Really, damn your an annoying man to follow, honestly. What’s the plan then? Are we just gonna go to earth and kidnap people?” She asked irritated by his actions as he replied with a smile: “Evelyn, which of your father’s facilities would you say has the most mindless human?” Evelyn paused as all eyes moved to her. This was it, a test of loyalty. And now she after a short moment of thought spoke: “House Surya has the largest number of humans and test subjects my Lord.” She felt a cold grip upon her chest in that moment as Irane Criya interrupted: “Seriously, we’re just gonna take some captured people and use them, I must admit that feels a bit… wrong. I mean what if they lose and the human wins and gains control over the new body and core?” He said while looking down gripping his fists as Irane continued: “Don’t be a fool Criya, I would never force my people to go through with something like that without making sure on it, am I right Evelyn.” His golden eyes staring at her made her feel a sense of pressure that made her uncomfortable as she replied: “I see what your planning now, yes house Surya’s facility will have what we need, Humans with no consciousness. And there are plenty to of bodies in that lab to go around.” At that Irane spoke loudly: “Good, you 4 along with our most elite forces will venture to earth and bring back enough bodies for all 13 million people of my Empire. Pandro, I asked you to join cause there is no one in this nation who has the most knowledge on core transplantation. Evelyn I will put you in-charge of this mission, see this as an opportunity to prove your loyalty!” His said as she looked at him as she replied: “Understood, I must ask though, as we only in truth have around 100 000 people who can actually fight, where are we to get more aid or are you planing on moving all the people to Earth.” Irane pulled a piece a envelope and handed it over to Mira as he replied to Evelyn: “No you will move with all 100,000 people and collect the needed bodies, we will also need aid there on earth and luckily for us we have a way to try and get aid. Mira that letter was given to me by Simon. It has the location of Tan Loo, meet with him and get his assistance in dealing with the Surya clan. I’m sure he will be eager to aid seeing as he will be able to save all the conscious humans in the facility. Not like the unconscious humans ore of any use to the resistance, they just kill them as they are mindless anyways.” IN that moment all 4 looked at Irane as Evelyn added: “I can’t believe it, I was in-charge of dealing and killing the resistance members, not working with them.” As Irane would reply: “Which is exactly why your the one in-charge. You know the place very well. You will all have about 4 months before this disease consumes my arms and spreads to my chest and head and thus making it incurable, so you had better move quickly!” He was able to heal it completely, but the simple fact he didn’t was more than enough proof of how serious he was. It was a matter of not just the sick people, but Irane made it even more dire but keeping the disease. They had to succeed at all cost as he spoke up: “Until you return, I will keep the city alive and safe so don’t worry. We have enough food and water to survive for about 2 years so please don’t feel like you need to rush immediately back. You have 4 months, make use of all that time.” He said as he ordered to not fail him, they all said in unison: “You will is our command Lord Irane, we will not fail you!” As they left Irane signalled to Mira to stay, the others left as she asked him: “Do you really trust Evelyn?” Irane smiled: “If I trusted her, I wouldn’t send you along with them. In truth this mission can be in theory be handles by those 3 alone, and if you were here I could go and deal with Tulla while leaving you here to protect the city and the people, but unfortunately we can’t afford to simply trust her. Well it doesn’t matter, listen up theres a second reason besides not trusting Evelyn that I need you to take care of on Earth.” Mira looked on at Irane with a serious focused look as he continued: “I need you to destroy the whole of the members of house Surya, and offer their clan Beast: Stellar Beast over to Tan and the resistance.” Mira asked plainly: “Really, I understand destroying the Surya clan as that weakens Toma, but why offer Stellar over? Why not just keep it and have us use it?” Irane replied: “In all honesty I see no real value in having it. It will be better used in the hands of the Resistance!” Mira noted as she asked: “So why do you need me to handle this, I mean Criya and Pandro are more than capable of that right?” Irane shrugged as he added: “In truth in order to achieve use of the tool, the whole bloodline of the Surya clan will need to be hipped out, all of them, woman and children too. I can’t trust Criya with that. Pandro I could but I need him to fully focus on the humans and not on the Surya...” Mira interrupted: “That’s were I come in I get it.” Irane added: “Honestly with you and Pandro handling this, I feel alot more comfortable.” Mira laughed as she bowed down and walked away as she said: “I will not fail you Irane, we will save Aura, we’ll save them all!” She said as she existed. Irane looked back onto the city as he was alone with just Summari and Nighla and Dokia. He pulled all 3 closer as he remarked: “A potential delay of about 3 months if all things go smoothly, or a disaster of this Empire’s death if they don’t. What a gamble…” He looked on at the night sky as he said: “This really is a beautiful night, I wish I could just get drunk and forget about my troubles. Too bad I can’t. In that moment Irane left the ruined palace and packed some food to bring over to the isolated zone. He spent the night in that zone with the sick people. It was this how he treated them no differently than others, how he didn’t show any fear. He didn’t show any of them that he had Parah. It wouldn’t spread from him. And he also made sure that Summari, Nighla and Dokia would be okay and unaffected by the illness. Milla also joined him, even in her state she wanted to do all she could, and she heard from Irane how she was safe from the illness

It had been 3 weeks since Mira and her group had left for Earth, As Irane focused on repeating the city, focusing on the study of the old tech there. He wanted to assess Tulla but that would have to wait. He was worried, and it was clear, 15% of his max strength was all he had access to, he didn’t have Enari or Iris with him and he was worried, he could reliably use Kazemi’s Drive or Irane’s Will at all, 2 major skills of his. He was scared as he work through the clock. Ember asked to assist so Irane asked her to help with the restoring the old defensive shields, while Irane asked Milla to both handle communication and also leading and co-ordinating the forces and people in the city. They restored the city wall and even restored different long range cannons on the Northern and Eastern and Western gates. The South Gate was hidden and only accessible thorough special means, it was their life-line, as it was the path Mira and her group would use to return. Irane’s worries would soon prove to be valid as he would now as a force of Millions of Ferali moving towards the city. But what scared them the most was who leading, a Alma by the name of Droom Lucerne(Weilder of The Eclipse Beast, with a core alignment of Darkness-Earth; Harmonic-Darkness, Female, Daughter of Azen Lucerne) and unlike Duki Navar, he has weilded it for centuries, not years. She was in all rights one of the most power beings who served Vraka. She was specifically selected to fight alongside Vraka and serve him directly. Irane was sure that she and the welder of the Eclipse Beast would be fighting the forces of Selis. The war between Vraka and Selis was the only thing keeping them safe and preventing the twins from amassing enough of a fighting forces to combat them. But now it was clear that Vraka was making a major move. He clearly wanted more Ferali and he would take as many Primals as he could to make them. At hearing the news Irane started preparing for a massive battle, it would be a bloodbath, but there was a way for them to win, if he could just hold them off long enough for his people to escape to Heaven than they had a chance. As he made these preparations he was absolutely shocked to find the path to Heaven blocked off already. It was then clear to him what Droom was truly after. He would lay siege to the city and ensure none of them escaped to see another day. As she started her Assault she only moved a few thousand Ferali, to attack, then switched around for a new group, over and over, which ment only one thing, the Ferali didn’t come to absolutely decimate them, no with her leading they came to completely suffocate them and tire them with a constant onslaught of Ferali. As the people cowered in fear prepared for the end, the Ferali were beast like many where in the forms of Animals with different elements additions. There were millions of them and all they did was make the Primals stand in fear at the prospect of being like that. But Irane well he smiled which shocked the primals who were with him as he said: “Interesting, so thats your plan. Take your time and weaken us then fully end us when we are out weakest with a full onslaught. Good, if it’s a war of attrition instead of a full out attack on the use then we have a chance, we simply need to hold out till Mira and the rest return, we are fortunate. 
Irane took full command of the forces and the main unit. There were only around 5 million in total who could move, but in truth most of the people present weren’t warriors, he had sent his best soldieries with Criya and Mira to get he people. But still with how things were they were set. Irane prepared to move out as he gave his orderers to those few gathered to the meetings. He assigned Milla to act as the last defensive pillar, she would be in the most secure part of the city, handling communication and moving people and the forces were they would be needed. Ember would focus with the Energising core to restore the full defensive array on the easter and Western wall. Irane ordered the transfer of the mounted cannons on the North wall to be moved the to the other gates, He would handle the main assault on the north gate. His plan was brutal on himself more than anyone else, as he would force most of the forces to the North Gate where he would be. The siege would go on for a total of 3 months as Irane moved in, he had left Summari, Nighla, Dokia and Junior with Milla. At his disposal he had only Crono with him, as he would move out, he would merge with her, his dragonic features would be hidden away, as his wings changed to those of a bird. He lost his horns and fangs, the blue strand on his hair spread throughout his golden hair, a sign he was using Arai’s power(his mind) in full after all Crono was her beast. He was now engulfed in what seemed like burning blue & gold feathers as he placed his mask on. He battle none stop for those 3 months. He had Ordered Audis to defend the South Gate with a small exit group, as it was the most important gate to secure. 
Through day and night he fought. Endlessly he moved though, beating and destroying as many Ferali as he could. He took no prisoners as Droom simply watched and organised different assault plans. For Droom all she had to do was make sure that Paradise never got a second to breathe. To ensure that their solders would be fighting constantly, and thanks to her numbers and plans it worked perfectly. Inbetween she was able to capture many Primals soldiers. Irane though drew the most to his side. The north gate had the bloodiest engagements. As the bodied of Ferali littered the ground. Irane was set to fight. He made sure his soldieries got as much rest as possible, which was only possible cause of how much of her Fearli forces Droom was forced to send over to keep Irane Locked and occupied. It was 3 months of endless hell for him. He didn’t sleep, day and night he just fought them and pushed on, planing and also co-ordinating his forces. Creating plans and moves to counter the Droom. In all rights Droom and the Ferali where winning, but Irane ensured that with each victory the Fearli obtained, they suffered losses, for a single person they took, he Irane would take he heads of 4 Fareli. It was brutal. 

Meanwhile with the squad lead by Evelyn made it to earth and moved to the hidden location of Tan. They needed to move with a secret portal that lead to Earth, to not alert Toma of their plans. Evelyn, Criya, Mira and Pandro all moved to meet the Leader of the second resistance Group Tan Loo(Fire-Ice; Chaotic-Darkness). He was the direct militant minded commander. He was an indirect man, in truth he was strange, but he was smart. And in truth he hated Evelyn more than anyone so seeing her was the worst possible effect as he immediately tried to attack and kill her which he was stopped by Mira. The moment was tense as all the resistance members present prepared to attack. As in that moment Evelyn went to her knees and placed her head on the ground. She had lowered her head to the ground as she spoke: “I didn’t come here to apologise for what I did to you in my fathers name, no I have come because my new leader, the lord who has I have chosen to pledge my life to asked me to lead this operation, and if that means bowing to my head to an insect like you, well that’s a very small price to pay.” The room burst out with anger and yelling towards Evelyn who was still prostrating herself before Tan, after some time, he silenced the room as he spoke: “We’ll its clear your still as ignorant and insolent towards your elders as ever. Fine I will hear you out, I might as well.” The people were confused as Mira presented Simons letter to Tan. It explained that they could be trusted. The letter was increpted in a way that made it impossible for anyone to decipher except those who knew it, It was Tan who had created this system and so he know full well how impossible it was to fake it. He looked on at them. In truth the resistance hadn’t been able to actually do anything effective since the lose of Miho and his group. He looked on and saw Criya as he asked: “You’re Ban’s son right?” Criya responded: “Yes I am.” Tan paused for a moment and asked simply: “Tell me than, why should I even risk a single on of my man to your cause?” Criya replied: “We have an army of 100,000. It doesn’t really match up to your force of 340,000, but we could have simply come in and attack while you were unprepared, as we explained we can lead you to the facility, and we can aid you in destroying the largest facility Toma has besides his own, you are free to take all the conscious people. And we will take the ones with no consciousness. Does that not sound like a sound move?” Tan paused again. He thought deeply on this as he then called his closest advisers. It was clear he wasn’t sure. but he made his choice to assist. This could turn the scales on their head as he asked: “Evelyn why would you want to sabotage your father and his work?” Evenly simply replied: “Cause I feel like it.” She had a blank stare looking right at Tan as he reluctantly agreed, this was to good an opportunity. And they stood to gain far too much. The preparations would take 4 months as Mira pushed to make it 2. It was in a way unreasonable, but from her perspective it was needed. Time wasn’t something they had. 

It took them a month to get there, no 2 months to prepare, in the end of the 3rd month they launched their assault on the Surya lab. They split onto 2 main teams: 
* Team 1: Criya and Mira would lead their main offensive, drawing the security and army of the Surya’s to them. 
* Team 2: Evelyn, Pandro and Tan would focus on infiltrating with a handful of soldiers, they would ensure that the people in the lab were okay and set. 

The plan was working but Sin stayed to defend the lab which her elite units. Leaving the rest of the clan to focus on the main assault. Sin laughed when he saw Evelyn, 
(Sin Surya - Life/Death; Harmonic-Light core. Wielder of the Stellar Beast, a beasts that can in all rights command the very Life force around her.)  
Sin was a master in reading the body and flow of life force in a person’s body. A fight broke out with Sin against Evelyn and Tan. Pandro focused on protecting and fighting the elite unit with the backup they brought. Sin moved and focused her attention mostly on Evelyn, calling her traitor as she attacked. The battle was long. Sin merged with Stellar forming beast like futures, her hands became claws engulfed in fire: Blazing beasts Aura, as her mana flowed through she lunged in to attack, each of her strikes were fatal, making absolutely necessary to dodge. Evelyn was on the wall when Tan moved in: Thermal magic: Freezing flames (fire-ice spell) as a wave of ice cold flames passed through. Sin dodged as now she focused her attention of Tan. As it turned into a 1v1. Sin had injured Evelyn with her previous attack. Then with no hesitation: Life/Death art: Deaths Hunts as spell/technique which combined her life flames and gave them a physical form to act independently. In that moment Tan used his mana to move around, He was no match for Sin as each attack she landed felt like his end, He was able to put up a flame wall, as the temp of his mana changed: Thermal Art: Shifting mana flow a spell were the users very mana alters on temperature, melting all in his presence of freezing it. The temperature of his mana randomly changed as he used it defend himself. Sin laughed at the attempt by Tan to stop her. His death was inevitable as she pushed through and landed a deceive blow, taking Tan’s left arm, while also slamming into the wall with such force that Tan got several broken ribs from it. Sin moved in for the killing blow as Tan unleashed on last attack, obstructing Sin’s view as Evelyn from now where appeared: Ultimate Art: Deaths Raging breath (Life/Death-Fire-Ice) a move which focused all her mana and energy around her arm and formed death force covering her hand. As she cut of Sin’s head: “I realised with that last hit, you use a life force like mana ability channeled through your beast, this move death Raging breath, burn all life force external of the body and uses it to enhance the body of th user, in this case me. It took all the mana I had to get past your defenses, in truth it never would have worked it Tan didn’t distract you for as long as he did, giving me time to gather the needed mana for the spell.” She said to the headless body of Sin. Tan looked on in pure disbelief that they won. As He tried to move, Evelyn moved to stand before him, she had a cold killer stare within her eyes. She could kill him right now and no one would ever know it was her as she to the surprise of Tan, Evelyn raised her hand and with the last bit of her mana was able to prevent the internal wounds from getting worse as she helped him stand, she carried Sin head and also took the mark of Stellar(An object needed to command Stellar), from Sin’s body as she while supporting Tan walked towards Pandro, who with the arrival of Criya was finishing off the other members of the lab. In truth this only went this smoothly due to Evelyn’s intel and knowledge of the lab and base. IN a moment some warriors captured the 2 children of Sin. They were around young very young, so young that Tan suggested that he will take them, after all there were innocent, as he said that Mira swung Contraint and killed them. It was a merciless act that left all in the room shocked. As she simply said: “The children of the enemy is the enemy. 
There was a shock among them as they worked. Tan and the resistance members where able to secure and save 5 million humans, while the 15 million human bodies with no consciousness was take by Mira and her group. They moved with all their cargo back to Tan’s base located in the south-east of Europe. Before they left Mira gave Tan Stellar to which he asked: “Why not keep it, I mean this beast is one that can compete with Vraka’s ultimate beast?” As she said replied: “Think of this as a thank you gift from Lord Irane, for all you did to help us. I think it will better serve in your hands than ours.” She said with a smile. Tan was stunned by all rights by this. He paused as he  said: “Well seeing as you helped us, we might as well help you transport those humans to your city.” He ordered his forces to prepare to move out and aid them in their travel, with their help it would take less then a month for them to arrive to Paradise, but they would arrive to witness Irane be killed by Droom, as the sight of Irane being empailed, with her arm piercing through his body…

[That morning before Mira return with Tan and the human bodies]
The war had been fierce, all the people of Paradise… no all the people of Apexia did all they could to hold out for the last few months. No citizen rested without earning it, they all helped, moved resources, mounted guns, took shifts in helping out where they could, but only soldiers fought directly. As the sun rose that morning Irane who in this state had been handling the hardest battles, over and over and now again he would have to fight another one, as Droom made her move, as she brought all her forces to bear, full force on the Northern gate as she spoke out to Irane: “I wonder if you really assumed that this whole time my plan was to destroy the city… oh how foolish of you little bird. Once you’re dead, then nothing will remain that can stop me from claiming all those Primals.” She laughed as he full force moved on to the north gate. It was millions of Ferali running on mass which caused the very earth to shake from their terrifying beastly rush. As they moved on to the city Irane ordered his people behind the gate as he asked Ember if she was finally done with the shields as she smiled and cried out: “Oh yeah, 3 months of endless toiling, the shields are up! Give them hell Irane!” In that moment Irane smiled as he looked at Droom rushing to meet him, as they all got in range Ember activated the shields as Irane placed his hands on the ground: “If you think that I spent the last 3 months just fighting to survive then you truly underestimated who the hell you were fighting against! “Kazemi’s Art: Phoenix re-Ingnition!” He said as the very land started to shine and shake with Irane’s  mana as he said, all the mana and blood I spilled on this battlefield I will Ignite 3 months of mana in a moment”, as a massive wave of mana and energy surged through and an explosion shook the very world as a cloud of smoke and the shockwave hit Paradise’s walls. It was intense as building shock and broke of and down. It was in all rights intense enough to set the world on fire. The shield held prevent the most of the devastating explosion and energy from destroying them. As the shacking stopped and the dust started to select, the sight was awe inspiring as all the Ferali that were on their way to the Northern gate all died, even the ones who were attacking the East and West gate were nearly all wiped out. Irane looked up at the nearly cleared filled with all seriousness, as Droom stood in the centre of the crater made from the explosion. She channeled darkness and saved herself through her Beast. She looked on at Irane and smiled with pure Joy which made Irane uncomfortable, it unnerving seeing this as worry crept in. He charged his mana as Droom moved quickly towards him, in a moment she was right before him as she threw a hard straight Right that Irane blocked with his left forearm, but the force was to great as it sent him flying back, he stumbled as he held on to his left arm he used to block was fractured from that simple strike. It was clear to him this moment as the pain surged that she was far stronger than him in this moment. That feeling only made him smile, a smile that confused Droom, as she simply moved on to attack him, she was fast but Irane wasn’t simply going to allow her to get the better of him as he moved back and barely dodged the attack, he moved back and took flutter his wings. 

In that moment Droom laughed slightly: “You know that child Duki did tell me to watch out for you, but it’s clear that he really is pathetic, you aren’t all that special. What you are is a weak human, that is all you are little bird!” In that moment her mana charged and flowed as she took her devil form. A pitch black darkness came over her as what seemed like a black panther consumed her. He muscles increased in density, as her turned an ink black flowing back. Her very form was altered to that of a dark beast, and unlike Duki, she still retained her small body, instead of becoming a massive beast as with her deeper and darker voice she spoke: “Let me show you the difference between a Alma who was given power like Duki and one who took it with force and kept it for Centuries!” In an instant she moved in to attack Irane as he again barely dodge, this time he moved to one knee as blood started dripping from the hand Irane just avoided. Aura Eclipse Technique - Black haze formation, the darkness that was around her almost seemed as though it had a mind of its own as Irane looked on with a smile. “That smile is starting to PISS ME OFF!” She yelled as she started to relentlessly attack Irane, she applied intense pressure on him as it took all he had to avoid and dodge her attacks, but worse even was how her mana followed up after he initial attack. It was impossible to read as Irane took hit after hit. He moved back using all a variety of spells and arts endlessly. The Primals in the city watched on as Irane fought. They were shocked by how weak he was. This wasn’t the same being who saved them in Heaven 10 years ago, no he was weaker now, as the Primals watched on as they started to lose hope, the city fell in silence as they watched. But one thing that caught their attention was his smile. Despite all the blood he lost, all the injuries, he still smiled which was awe inspiring as they watched. Irane thought as he endured Droom’s assault: “Damn, I can’t believe she was thing strong, I can’t believe how hard my heart is beating, the pain streaming all over my body. My right hand is in all I really have, the fracture in my left arm has turned to a fully broken bone now, my ribs and left leg, my back and even my head. She is ruthless, I really could die…” As he thought that he smiled even more, as the showed moved and struck his head: Eclipses Technique: Hunting shadow, as her shadow took on a form and now it felt like a 3 vs 1. Irane moved back after the strike as he smile more, he moved back: Phoenix Magic: Elemental flock, as a Irane unleashed a flock of birds of different elemental natures moving towards Droom, she had her shadow consume her and protect herself as a explosion of mana erupted as each bird made contact with Droom as Irane thought: “I see so that’s you survived my re-Iginition, noted!” As he moved in, Droom after the enduring moved quickly to chase Irane, as he moved further form the city parameter. He was luring her and she knew it, as he continued to fire different phoenix’s towards her, he was nearing his physical limit as Droom closed the gap and unleashed a wave of darkness, which Irane blocked with his right hand, which exposed the Parah on his right arm, in truth it was starting to effect him now, as it showed that It had spread and covered his whole right arm. The people in Paradise were shocked, and speechless especially the Primals in the containment zone, especially for Aura as she saw and thought how all those times he was with her, and how he could have gotten it, its was from her, but still he smiled and fought regardless, he still moved as he turned back. Droom had had enough as she spread her darkness all around as she cought with Irane and forced him to close combat again, but this time her shadow stretched all around the, in a second Irane dodge a lethal strike to his head, only getting grazed by her dark mana as he started bleeding, Droom smiled: “Finally caught: “Dark-Earth magic: Dark Crucifix, as from her shadow what seem like dark rocky objects appeared as they pierced Irane’s left leg, as it did what seemed like rock thorns erupted from his leg, it spread up his leg, as he quickly cut of his own leg, in that moment Droom moved as her black-covered clawed hand pierced Irane’s torso clean through. Droom smiled as the primals all looked in horror as they looked at Irane being consumed by the dark shadow, Irane seemed motionless for a moment, as Droom bragged: “Seriously, you didn’t even make me spill a drop of blood, you really were a disappointment.” In that moment Irane Grabbed Droom’s arm to her shock as his bloody smiled was right at her face as he said: “Gotcha, Kazemi’s Art: Phoenix re-Ignition. In that moment from Irane’s position a massive explosion erupted forth as Droom moved back, as her shadow covered in time, but in a moment as she seemed to get her footing Irane appeared behind her and placed her in full Nelson he’d lock, as she looked down, to see Irane with both his legs, she was shocked as she looked back to see that his face and all his injuries were gone: “Lets see you survive this” Darkness Magic: All consuming darkness, in that moment there was a darkness that spread from Irane it merged with the darkness of Droom, she laughed: “You really are a fool, all that will do is be dragged into me...” She said as she looked on at Irane’s face, his old dragon features were back as she noticed that the bird features where gone as she looked up to see Crono, glowing a bright white as Irane said: “Let’s see if you can walk away from this without a scratch; Phoenix Light-Flame Magic: Rebirth from Blazing Light, as Crono seemed to swallow both Irane and Droom up and explode in a bright ball of light. It was beyond bright. It was as though a second sun was burning on the ground. 

After some time, as she light disappeared they saw Irane breathing heavily with new injuries, as Droom was before him also breathing heavily and bleeding as Irane smiled: “Well look at that you can bleed!” That comment and that smile made Droom feel hate as she took a deep breath in and asked: “That was a suicide attack, you were fully set on killing us both… why? What were you replying on that Phoenix rebirth move”  Irane smiled: “Well I would say yes, if I was able to use it, I’ve already used it twice, and in truth in my current state this is all I can do. If I use it one more time all my mana will be depleted, plus I can only use it when im merged with Crono in my devil from with her, without her I can’t use it. So I was fully set on killing use both, to bad your darkness was so formidable, it saved us both. But still I think I did enough” he said with a smile as he took his stance, Droom was confused: “You have no chance of beating me, none what’s so ever so why even try, Its clear youve have Parah for now time, it even spread to you chest, so its clear It been affecting yo for some time, long before I even attacked your city. So why, why are you fighting so hard, is it for those people? Are you really willing to die for them? Are you truly so foolish as to value the lives of others that you don’t know over your own.” Irane laughed a bit: “Well of course I would happily give my life for my people. After all I am their emperor, when it comes down to it, if it was for my people, I will always give it my all. It was the promise I made, to be their leader and to give it my all. Remember this well and be sure to tell your pathetic animal of a master, make Sur you don’t forget this: I am Irane Core Kazemi, The Eighth Champion, The Emperor of Apexia.”
That declaration sent tears streaming in the city as Irane smiled at Droom. She looked at him and charged mana up, as she asked: “What does your death accomplish?” Irane replied: “I will make sure your as injured as much as possible for the next person who will face you after my death, so I will do my best to soften you up.” She snarled as she went in to land a final blow” Irane took a deep breath and smiled as he thought: “Damn she really is strong, I hate the fact that I wish this fight could go on forever, I have so many Phoenix spells, Techniques and Arts I want to try, lets see what we can do,” as he moved in the fight lasted for some time, as they carried on clashing for some time, despite what it looked like, Irane took the worst of that suicide attack, and he was nearly out of mana, but he still fought, he fought with a smile, a smile that simply didn’t dissappear, as Droom would in a one of their clashes asK: “Seriously would you stop smiling and die!” Irane looked suprised: “Am I smiling, sorry it’s an old habit I can’t keep, after all it is a joyous thing when one is giving it everything they have.” Irane truly did not know he was smiling. As some time passed, Droom was able to once again land a fatal blow on Irane, as now her other hand, was though his chest, but this one came with a price as Irane’s smiling face would again look on at Droom, as she coughed out blood, as Irane landed a blow on her, though her guts, it was a major wound, but it was nothing she could survived as irane would make it last move: Phoenix Magic: electric screech. As electricity seemed to stream all thought out Drooms body, she was paralysed for a moment as Irane seemed to finally stop smiling as his eyes closed.

At this moment Mira arrived back in time to see the sight of Irane empailed on Drooms arm. Droom looked on at Irane unable to move, her body didn’t obey her anymore, even her mana seemed affected by whatever Irane, in that moment Droom’s second wave of Ferali appeared and moved to the city. In a moment Mira moved thought and with Emo-Rage she cut through the forced of Ferali and made a B-line right for Droom as her mana made her feel worried, she was strong and in her current state she was no match. In a moment she was inform of them about to cut Droom down, she couldn’t move, nor channel her mana, as she cursed Irane’s name only to be pulled away by a Ferali, but she would be marked by Contraint as Mira had cut her in in her chest, right above the wound she received from Irane. She still couldn’t move as she felt it through her body, the spell irane used costly interrupted not just the neuaral pathways, but also the user control over their body, over and over, constantly preventing the body from performing any new action, but she could still feel pain as she felt the pain from Mira’s blade. 
Mira in that moment, grabbed Irane’s body and moved back as Pandro prepared a long range spell to attack all the Ferali: “Kazemi’s Magic: rain of lighting, as lighting and electrify streamed and rained across the battlefield as Mira moved Irane back to the city, in moment the Easter and Western gates opened as Criya lead the forces on the west gate, while Audis moved on the east gate, attacking the Fareli forces, Pandor focused all his attention on the North as Droom raged at ordering a retreat, they could not win, not today. 

As the Ferali forces were forced back, it was a difficult war, but all didn’t care about that as the people gathered around Irane, even those who had Parah gathered round Irane’s body. He wasn’t breathing as Mira stood above him not sure what to do, all simply watched on in a chilling silence. He wasn’t breathing, his heart wasn’t beating, and it worried her, as terror flooded her mind, she wasn’t sure what to do. Terror and fear filled her and it showed with emo, as he shifted to the dread form. In a moment Ember pushed past as she moved to Irane’s body. She placed her and on Mira as to comfort her: “I don’t think his dead, after all his heart wasn’t beating for nearly 10 years. Right?” At that Mira face streaming with tears during down looked up in surprise as Ember asked the city who here has a Life/Death aligned core, we need you all. In that moment there was a long pause as people looked around. There was non one knew, but Mira quickly thought of Dokia, she who wields his bodies death, but it was gamble as they placed her onto of Irane, but nothing occured, as Ember though: “Her core still isn’t active right, she can’t use her power now…” As Mira spoke up: “Dokia is like me and Pandro, she has one of his will cores, as I am connected to his emotions, and Pandro is connected to his spells, Dokia is connected to his death, but even so she is a child, she can’t channel it…” At that moment Ember thought back to all the designs she experienced when Pregnant, as she remember something, she ran and grabbed Summari and Nighla, placing Summari on his right side and Nighla on his left, while Dokia was in the middle, she made them all touch hands while on Irane. In that moment Dokia’s violet hair lit up, as did Summari’s white and Nighla’s black hair, they all laughed in as innocent children did. In a moment Irane Hair shined with a deep purple as Crono also appeared, her flaming body, seemed to burn around Irane in a blue-violet flame. It was intense as in a moment Irane opened his eyes: “Oh, I can’t breath.” As Dokie was on his chest for making it hard to breath properly as the city roared in joy. Irane took a moment as Mira took the children of and helped Irane up with tears flowing down,  Irane saw this as he looked about as all the people cried out: “Please, don’t tell me you were crying cause of me…” As he stood up in pain, he was healed but still his wounds still needed time to heal properly. 

(Note Irane hair fully golden with 10 distinct coloured strand of hair: 
Arai - Dark Blue; Hope - Dark Red; Zoe - Dark Green; Summari - White; Nighla- Black
Aliya - Spirit Blue; Mira — Dark Orange-Red; Dokia - Violet; Pandro — White(with a light additional of colours) ; Urial — Black(With additional tone) 
)

There was a loud cry in the city as all were relieved he was okay. Irane looked on at the people, in that moment they all cheered out with all they had, in that moment they finally realised they won, they survived a months long siege and won, As they all cheered: “Glory to the Emperor, And Glory to the Apexia Empire, long live Apexia, long live Irane Kazemi.” AS they all cheered his name in full, it was strange for him, they had always called him Lord Irane, avoiding to use his last name which was refreshing for him, but now they roared his full name, Irane Kazemi, Lord Kazemi, Long Live Kazemi. Soon the cheering no longer boar his first name, it was lord Kazemi that they cheered now as Irane looked on with a satisfied look on his face. The city came to life for a moment. Irane asked Mira on an update on what happened as she said: “would you please just put all that aside and relax, I will debrief you when once you have had enough rest.” As she said that Irane laughed and leaned in on Mira, as he passed out. He had been fighting endlessly with very little rest in-between. He didn’t really need mush sleep, honestly one day of sleep would equate to a whole months rest for him as he would be out cold for 3 full days.
In that time there was a major growth of discomfort within the city as many people started to turn on the Primals who had Parah, blaming them for infecting Irane. Not even 24 hours had passed as this began, but more over the piscomfort among the people was the simple fact that he could get sick, the fact that the man they saw as invincible was near the point of death as many started to wonder if he truly was the champion. This caused major discourse within the city. It was a mess of contradiction and opinions on Irane as many defended him stating he was sic, many stated he wasn’t due to the fact that he even got sick in the first place. Others thought on his strength as they noted how strong he was during the attack on Heaven, but many defended by adding how he was fully prepared to die to protect them. It was a mess of confusion as many who believed began to argue with those who didn’t forcing Mira and the rest to secure and keep the peace. 
In this time Tan would meet Ember again as they would reunite, after all she was part of his squad before the hell of the lab. It was here that he even noted how much of a mess the city was, as Ember told her about her son with Irane. Tan words of: “Really, so you and ‘Z’ finally went all the way, I owe Crimi an insane amount of money.” As Ember noted: “No he isn’t Z, he isn’t him.” It was a moment where he did his best to comfort her, as she in a moment asked: “Did you know ‘Z’ full name?” As he replied: “Sorry, I think the only person who might have the answer to that question is Crimi.” In a moment he promised he’d ask her and when he met her next time. As he stated how he was thinking of supporting the city and the people, even moving to Paradise with his people. But he noted how the city was more of a ruin than a city. He still wondered as he looked on at the people arguing whether this empire even had a chance seeing how the people were reacting. They had their hands full keeping the peace as it kept escalating per day.

When Irane woke up he struggled to move from battle against Droom as Mira updated him on her mission and how it went, but also on how the people were acting as Irane stated: “Of course they would act like that, their beloved Champion lost. After all you heard about this champion, would you follow that champion.” He smiled as he said: “Its works in our favour as this will allow us to separate the people who are serious about this empire and those who see this as some game where they can just watch and have their problems solved.” It was a clear moment as Mira noted how his hair was now more red then blue, as he revelled that he now had Dima and that Crono had retuned to Arai. He stated how he set it up that Enari would switch between Arai, Hope and Zoe every 4 months. And that the time was now, as he said: “We’ll this works out well, lets get to work, with Dima I can preform the body transference with no issue.” As he laid back down asking Mira to go and prepare 10 million bodies as he noted how the remaining 5 million will be put to use in a different way, as he said: “I can promise you, after today there will only be true Apexia, this day will be the day the Apexia Empire takes it first breath.” 
Mira left to complete his orders, as Irane moved out to the city, he made sure no one saw him as he moved to the contained zone. As he entered he immediately looked for Aura, the child was now at deaths door as the marks had nearly consumed her whole face. She could see anymore, but she could hear as she apologies deeply for infecting him. She begged for forgiveness. She hadn’t eaten in 3 days now, she had reserved to starve herself to death, to stop her from killing everyone else. She applogied that Irane was weak because of her and how she wished she was never born, cause now even in her last moments she lived with the guilt of being the one to get the Empire killed. She cried deeply as Irane pulled him into his arms and carried her as he chuckled a bit: “Tell me Aura, are you a Primal or are you a Valariyan?” In that moment she paused, as she said softly: I am… I am a Valariyan my Lord, I wish to be a Valariyan. I know it’s selfish but even so after all the people thatv died from me, I don’t deserve to die as one of your people but I still do, no matter what anyone says, you are my Empire Lord Irane.” Irane smiled as he than said: “Good so your one of my people right, and my orders to you are absolute right?” She nodded slowly as he said: “Good…” As he said he started walking with her in his arms. He walked through the resitricted Zone with Aura in his arms, as all looks on in confusion. Irane moved to the palace  as all the people watching him carrying her. There was a moment of confusion in the City as to why he was doing this. When he arrived to the lab Pandro was busy preparing some bodies already as Irane took one of the human bodies, it seemed she was close in age to Aura, as Irane took a bit of his own blood and marked the human girl on the forehead with a simply ‘i' , It was a simple gesture as it did nothing for the process, more of a ritual to state that body is mine it is the property of the Emperor, and only his people could hope to have it. As he finished, he looked at Aura and said simply: “After today you will be a true Valariyan, a true and absolute citizen of my Empire, of Apexia, you in all right will be one of my people,. My subjects, do you understand?” She nodded and replied: “Yes!”, in a moment Irane used Dima’s spacial ability to set up the ritual, as the core of Aura was transferred over to the new human body. Aura’s old body turned to dust. The new human form started to slowly chagne as Aura’s core aligned and flowed mana though it, he hair changed from brown to a light transparent wind white. Pandro, Mira and Irane looked on at the Aura in her new form, in a moment the body took a deep breath, she stood slowly upright, and had trouble moving, she was struggling like a new born struggling to move, she was wobbly as Irane helped her sit upright on the bed: “Open your eyes!” Aura wasn’t sure what just happened as she opened her left eye slowly, she looked at Irane as he said with a chuckle and smile: “Open both your eyes please.” As she opened her right eye, they also shared a similar color to her hair now, with a bright light, as Irane asked: “How does it feel to be free of that Plague?” She franticly looked at her arms and touched her face as Irane created an Ice mirror so she could see herself, it was different body but it was still her, it was her now with no sign of Parah, as she cried, she cried so much that her tears stopped flowing, she hugged Irane with all her might thanking him for doing the impossible, in moment she fell down as she wasn’t accustom to the body yet. Irane smiled: “Rest Aura Veil, child of Apexia.” She agian couldn’t believe it as a bit of horror passed her as she asked: “What about you, will your Parah be cured to?” She asked as Irane replied: “Don’t worry, mine will be gone in about 4 months time, when I get Aphexia from Zoe.” Aura looked confused, as Irane noted how she didn’t know who that is as he replied: “Just know that mine will be gone in 4 months time.” Mira looked at Irane as she said with annoyance: “You said id be incurable after 4 months.” Irane smiled as he replied: “Well it has spread to my right lung and chest, but it only spread that mush cause of the constant fighting, if I rest and not over use my mana for some time, then I won’t have to worry about it spreading to my heart and head.”   

Irane smiled as he walked out to the palace as he prepared to address the people, he was still weakly as he spoke: “I’m happy we survived but there is no time for celebration, I will make this clear, I’ve heard what many of you think of me and my status, I know how there is a bit of misconception on my position so I will make this simple for all to understand… I made it clear when I addressed you all 4 months ago, that being a citizen of Apexia was your choice, and you all cheered gratefully to me, but this is reality, I am not some all powerful being who can’t be beaten, I like all of you can still bleed, I can still feel pain, and I can still very much die. I am just a man after all. So now I give you all 2 choices: 1. You can all stay, but understand that those who choose to stay, will be placed in the bodies I have obtained, each one is a marked as my property, once you have made that choice there is in all rights no going back, you will be Apexian’s and you will be my people, or you can choose the second option, which is to leave, and never return. All who are younger than 14. You have until sunrise tomorrow to make your choice!” Irane stood there for a moment, he looked down at the people as he spoke again: “I want you all to understand a very simply fact, I am here to fulfil a promise I made to Cai Consa, but make no mistakes I am not here to be your saviour, nor your messiah, I am your Empire and you are my people, make sure you get that through your head as you make your choice.” It was the shift in tone from the first time he spoke to them, when the city rumbled, now they had again a choice but it Wass clearer now. There was no safety anywhere, even under Irane he wouldn’t just protect them, no he would lead, but he was still a ruler, a conquer as any other man.
As he turned to leave to the lab, what seemed like a wave of thousands of Primals walked forth, they marched as one, many had the Parah plague, while others where clearly poor and people who knew suffering, it was clear as Irane looked at their eyes that these man and woman had seen and experienced the true hell of this world as they all bowed down before the palace as they all declared their loyalty, as the man before them spoke: “We have seen hell, and we have seen dictators, we have given our children to the trail and we have give our very futures with the hopes that we could have a better tomorrow, but it never came. The only time we felt as though there was hope was when Cai was leading us, but again now we see hope in you. Lord Irane Kazemi, we are yours to do with as you see fit, your will is our command my lord we will serve! As the man fished an elderly woman to with a different group of people who all had many children, they where the woman who handles and cared for the orphans, she spoke softly: “We will offer our lives and loyalty, but…” She paused and looked at the children beside her: “For the sake of not our futures, but our childrens futures, we will serve if only you will ensure that this Empire will be a great place for them my Lord…” Irane interrupted: “And if I was to ask you right and now to take the life of that child would you?” She paused as she in a second pulled a blade from her side and moved to stab the boy next to her as Irane used Dima to shift the position of the boy to his side as he looked purely shocked at her, but she smiled, even the other woman and man beside her laughed a bit which confused Irane as he asked: “What’s so funny?” She stood up moved ot Irane side to ensure that no one but him heard her: “During the last few months as we were being attacked, despite the fact that we needed more hands and people to fight, you never once asked for the children to fight, instead you asked them to stay by Lady Milla’s side in the most secure location in the city with your children.  When we were within heaven we had to offer our children to the trail, when we were with More, we offered our children to his war and to be made humans for his war. But you, you never once asked us to offer our children to the fight, you were willing to die before even thinking about using our children as weapons. That boy I almost killed is my grandson, if you didn’t move him he would be dead, but I know more than anything. You’re the type of man I like the most, you’re a good man Irane.” She said with a gentle smile. Irane eyes opened up as the elder placed her hand oh his check as she said: “For man like you, for a leader such as you, I offer it all.” Irane still a bit shocked as he said: “Fair enough, but understand that once you agree, your not just agreeing for your sake but the sake of these children as-well so you had better be sure about this...” As Irane turned he asked them all to come with them as all slowly entered to Palace. There were still millions of Primals who had not made a choice as many watch in shock as the speed at the few who seemed to even need time to think. At the same time, it seemed a hard of Primals had prepared to leave as they moved to the South Gate to go to Heaven. They said loudly before they left, as they spoke out: “You aren’t our Champion, your nothing more then an imposter! A FALSE CHAMPION” He said as he walked out the gate with his group, they all had the expression of dissatisfaction and disappointment marking their faces as they walked out. Irane didn’t seem to care as he went on his way to move the Primals to human forms. The sun was still high as many in the city grappled with the choices before them. Though the day, many made their choice as they went to the Palace while other left to the South Gate, a hand full chose to leave but not go the Heaven. It was tense time for many as the choice didn’t seem clear. It was clear for them from the last 4 months, they weren’t safe here, no this wasn’t Paradise, this was hell. Many thought like this as they grappled with their fears and desires. 

Irane finally had a chance to speak with tan during this event as he would say: “I am shocked, I did here from Ember that you weren’t ‘Z’ anymore and I can see it now. He would never have asked people to choose, he would have saved every single person he could.” Irane simply smiled as he replied: “Well I’m glad I don’t need waste my time explaining that to you. So how can I help you Tan Loo?” Tan seemed disturbed as he asked: “You know full well that Toma will force those people into human bodies and make them fight, he will use them as weapons so why allow that…” Irane interrupted Tan: “And what exactly do you think I’m doing, are you under the assumption that I won’t use these people for my Empires goal? If I needed to, I would order millions to their deaths it it ment this Empire lived to see the next day!” Irane looked at Tan directly in the eyes as he looked back as he replied: “How disappointing, I was hoping you were different.” He said with dejected look on his face as he walked away. Irane simply continued with what he was doing. Tan came across Mira as he was storming off. She noticed his anger as she asked what was wrong, as he explained how wrong he was, how he thought he was a man worth something, but he was no different from Niro, or Toma. He was a war lord who would offer his people for this Empire and it disgusted him. Mira laughed which angered Tan as he asked what was so funny as she asked him simply: “What exactly is an Empire?” The question confused Tan as he explained it in terms of geography and land with flags and war, as Mira explained: “Do you know why I rushed use to get the human bodies as quickly as possible, He didn’t ask for the bodies to make an army.” As she asked him to follow her, she lead him to look at Aura and all the other Primals who had Parah now resting in the room as she explained how he did it all for them: “You know I Also had the same narrow minded view you had on an Empire, after all I grew up in Orians, and I can assure you, we were nothing more than breading tools and weapons when it came down to it, but Irane he said something different…” As she quoted his words: “An Empire, a nation, a village, a house, they are all made of people. An Empire is its people. The elderly who have lived and experienced all the hells of this world, and passing that down to the youth to ensure they don’t repeat their mistake, and the children, who will be the tomorrow of this Empire, who will hold the flag, who will fight when we can’t. And then there is use, those in the middle who are in-between. We are learning and making mistakes as we go about. Am Empire is the people!” 

As said with a smile, as Tan looked at the children in the room. He looked at the Granny who brought her children and people with her. He saw the Primals who had Parah now free from it. All he could do was regret how he thought of Irane as a typical leader as Mira asked Tan: “Tell me who do you think is the most important person in Irane’s life?” Tan didn’t know as Mira answered back: “His children. He told me he would truly make this a paradise where his children and all other children could grow up. Yes they would have to learn to fight and survive, but they would do so in controlled environments and not in the battle filed. He want to make this a Paradise for his children and so all the children will see this as a paradise. He even took note of all the dreams and hopes we had when we were stuck in that Island, he heard how I wanted to simply fight for something more than myself, and her I am his general asked to lead his solders against the forces and to fight to protected his Paradise. His Empire, his people. That is the type of man, Irane Kazemi is.” 
Tan was stunned as he looked on, he walked past the city as he looked around and heard all the different arguments from people about Irane, so many misconceptions, so many unknowns but he noted a very important fact that these people who called Irane a falls Champion, didn’t even appritiate the fact that he fought for them, he bled for them. He in all rights died for them, and yet they called him weak as he in that moment he felt he understood as he ran back to the palace. He interrupted Irane who was about to transfer the old woman now, he burst in as he went to the ground and apologied profusely to Irane, he explained how he was wrong and how he misunderstoo. Irane simply looked at him as he placed his hand on his chest:”Okay I get it, but your interrupting a very important procedure so lets have this chat later.” As in a moment he was teleport to a different room in the palace where Mira was. He explained what happen as she laughed at how he was ejected after apologising. Mira and Tan in that moment simply spoke for hours, to which tan would thank Mira for the moment of normalcy, he had forgotten what it was like to not worry about tomorrow and about the fight they would have the next day, it was refreshing as he noted to her: “Mira, I think I want to gamble on Irane. Maybe with him there might be a better tomorrow… I really do hate to put my faith in someone else but Irane in all rights reminds me of Crimi, she was someone he admired for years now, and he fought hard fore her and her dream of freedom and an end to the war. Do you think we can have peace Mira?” Mira simply smiled as she replied: “I have faith in Irane...” He interrupted her: “Faith? Seriously, I didn’t take you for a the religious type.” Mira smiling face disappeared as she asked: “Do you think Irane’s a man? I don’t think so, but…” Sh paused as she thought of how she was about to disclose something she never had: “You know when if I didn’t see what was within his core, if he didn’t take my core from my very body and remake this body for me with his Will core of emotions, I mean imagine that he gave me his emotions to contain. Does that seem normal to you?” Tan simply stayed silent as Mira continued: “I asked Pandro and Aliya when we were in the Island if we all had the same experience, as Irane took my core when Minia held me hostage, As he tore through me, I was before his very core. It felt like a dream, but I can’t ever forget it. That being I saw within his core wasn’t human. That smile just wasn’t normal. It asked me a simple question :’do you want to live, do you want to see your sister? What are you willing to offer me to see her?’ Of course I agreed only for him to take my core as his and give me his emotional core. Aliya and Pandro went through the same thing, but it was different for them, they told me he simply took their cores. Maybe it was the way their contracts with him were initially set, mine was a contract based on his advice and challenge.” Mira looked so serious in that moment that she altered the atmosphere in the room as Tan hung on he revery word as she continued: “Irane Kazemi is no Meer man, even if he would like to believe he is, no he seems himself differently and that is what scares me. He seems himself as a Tool, but in truth he is a being beyond understand to use. I’ve seen far to much for me to see him as a meer man, no I can’t even if I tried I can’t. So yeah I have faith in Irane Kazemi. I mean consider now, how he held the city for 3-4 months while only sustaining a lose of 300,000 people. Who can do that, even in his current state he managed all that.” 
Tan paused as he moved back, he took a breath as he said: “I see, well maybe I will take a gamble and believe in your faith in him.” They both laughed as she said: “You should I haven’t seen Irane fail once…” As Tan asked: “Didn’t he nearly die?” As she smiled and replied: “yep, and the city and the people are still standing, so is that failure?” Tan admitted she was right. They continued to talk for some time into the night. 

The day carried on as the Primals made their choice, when the sun rose the next day, the last few Primals made their choice to be part of Irane’s empire or leave. At the end of the day 10 million of the original Primals choose to stay, as 3 million left. By midday, all the Primals who stayed had human bodies, as this was completed, as they recovered and accepted their choice, Irane made an address to the city, it wasn’t a thank you, or a welcome to the Empire no it was a command as Irane spoke: “There are no more words needed to be spoken as you have all made your choice. Understand that your chance to leave has passed, you are Valariyan’s till the day you die. But I will say, in future all the children that are born from this day onwards will be a Apexian, but when they turn 21 they will have the right to choose to be a Valariyan or to leave. All who enter the Empire moving forward will be seen as an Apexian until they earn they have earned their right to be a Valariyan. But all of you are Valariyan till death. No matter what, so my Valariyan’s let get to work in making this a true Paradise, with our blood, sweat and tears, lets build the Apexia empire.” Pandro stood at the submit of the highest point of the Palace as he placed the flag of Apexia on the roof as Irane said: “This marks the first day of the Empire of Apexia, may she outlive us all, and may our children and children’s children call this empire home! Let’s get to work!” There was no loud boom or roar of excitement, no only quiet acceptance at the task ahead. 

The old woman who Irane spoke to came to him accompanied by Gran-Gran, her name was Isoke Mvel(Nature-Earth - Chaotic-Light core), she now looked almost in her late 30’s then her old appearance of well its best to say she looked well over a hundred. 
She bowed as she remarked: “I haven’t been able to bend that low in decades.” Her smile was large as she revealed that she and Gran-Gran were old acquaintances in the past when they both lived in under Toma More. Irane told her simply: “Well seeing your my elder, I would feel more comfortable if you simply called me Irane.”  Isoke smiled as he saw it as a great honour, one she would not abuse. She thanked him for all she did for them as Irane would laugh and say: “We’ll don’t thank me yet, there is still a lot of work we have to do, so rest up while you can cause the second your fine ands back to 100% you will have alot of work to deal with. He said with a simple serious smile.” 

Irane then after accept isoke’s thanks would look on at the city, Summari, Nighla, Dokia and junior where with him, he spoke now as he said to them: 
“
This place was once home to Primordals, it was once the greastest city, the greatest Nation between the three realms was here, and it ended. Now our Ours begins on the ashes of that ruined Empire. I wonder how long my Empire will last, will it end with me, or with one of you 4, maybe with one of your children, or your great grandchildren. I sure hope so… Look on my children, this is our home now, well home is wherever we are all together, but still I want to hold this ground steady. (Irane stared down at the children around him, then he saw Aura playing with other children, she seemed beyond happy as she was able to move now, it brought him a warm feeling of satifcation and worry all at once, but still he smiled), I will protect this Empire.(He looked towards the children). Today, I pledge to strive to ensure that our Tomorrow is far better then our Yesterday… 

WHATEVER IT TAKES!
”



Part 7.2: The War Within!

Within the world of Orians
We go back to after they all departed and separated from the Island. Now Simon made a plan to move in to Orians through a transport vessel of More that he knew would be taken by the Orians, It was intercepted as expected as the Orians found Arai, Hope, Zoe with Aliya, Assa, Dio Leo, and Rui. Simon planned on infiltrating through a different method. He had a way of hiding he was a human as would infiltrate the army of the Ascen. Now the Orians had differing opinions on humans and what they were to each class: After the assault on Orians and the failed attack on Heaven years ago, they understood that the humans gave Toma an advantage they didn’t fully grasp, but they were looking into what made Humans so special. Now they had been doing their best to capture humans with cores and humans without cores to break them down and understand what made them tick. Now at this time they captured one such vessel with Arai and the rest restrained within. They brought them over to Niro Vane, who called a council of all the most important Orians, The leaders of all the major clans and families: Tenza and Tola where there as the presentating the Nexal and the Ardent Respectfully. Azen and Elorah was present as well as Elorah were there as the leaders of the Alma and Spirits with Olda and Duki also present. Axola was there as well as Nina Nexal, Arai’s sister who all came to see and hear the words of Arai, Hope and Zoe. They were interested in all they would share as they wanted to know what happened to them and what information they had. When presented to the leaders, Arai, Hope and Zoe were brought forth in mana chains and constraints. Aliya, Assa, Dio, Leo and Rui were on the side watching also restrained. There many others around the room as it was a meeting room where the elders where in the centre, and a seats arranged all around the sides facing the centre. The elders and the leaders of different minor groups were present. This was a special meeting, as Arai, Hope and Zoe would be stunned to see this many Alma, Spirts and Ascen in one room, As they all looked unified and not fighting each other. 

It was the master of ceremonies called Dunk Vane(Energy-Water; Harmonic-Darkness core), an elder of the vane house who presided as he acted as the voice of Vane. Now Axola and Nina were present, as she stood next to him in quite reverence as it was clear now that Nina was with the Vane house. It burned Arai to see what had happened to her younger sister, but she swallowed her rage. Dunk spoke: “Tell use everything that happened to you all, and note that we will be able to tell if your lying…” As he said that Olda wrapped Chains around the necks of Arai, Hope and Zoe. If they told a lie they would be struck by a large pulse of pain and energy, we need to note that the chains only hurt when the user knows it is a lie they have told, they can’t hurt someone who tells a lie while believing its true. 
Duke asked Arai what her name was as she said it and nothing happened, then he asked her to tell a lie, as she said she didn’t hate her brother a pulse of energy pulsed from the chains as Arai screamed on pain. As they confirmed it worked they asked her to speak and to explain what occurred after their capture by the Primals and humans? All listened as Arai began to spoke: 
“We were moved over to a special lab run by the Consa clan, they forced us into human bodies. The Primals discovered force Coreporial beings into humans with no cores. They wanted to use our cores to assist in their experiments. We were there for 5 years as we were aided in the experiments and testing they did. They specifically wanted our help in completing the trail of Kazemi, they secretly used humans with no cores infused with mana to the trail in the hopes of completing the completion of reawakening the Primordial of Kazemi. Nearly 2 billion people both Humana and Primals sacrificed themselves to it.” 
There was a pause as Tola spoke: “And I’m assuming 8 was the product of that experiment?” Arai added: “Yes, there are documents that we have that detail alot of the information...” As Duke had the documents that were taken from the transport, it was a report that detailed 8 as subject no.888_888_888 with Arai’s note: “He was kind to woman”{Same report that Keal obtains in the future}, It detailed the human and his physical characteristics, as the document circulated among the leaders, Elorah noted: “He doesn’t seem to be anything special, so he was a moment of the resistance that opposed Toma. To think he would end up working for him, how interesting.” Arai added: “What went in and what came out where 2 very different beings. His mind was erased and wiped clean, in all rights he in a tool that’s simply followed orders. Minia, with the aid of Ember was able to find a way to control hm and use him as s weapon. That I believe was the attack on Heaven. We after his creation were badly injured and on the verge of death, but we survived. We escaped the lab after Cai Consa infiltrated with the hopes of find a way to turn the tide during which she died. It seems 8 was able to break the brainwashing and was sealed in the lab alongside us. He was freed by Mira Ardent who was with Cai.” Tola clenched on his missing arm, thinking about how she was an enemy now, as Arai continued: “He rampaged which allowed us to escape. But we were tricked by a resistance member who blamed us for the results of the people on earth which is how we were re-captured and placed in the transport to be moved back to the Primals of heaven, back to Toma, which was interrupted by your man, Lord Vane.” Arai;s words caused a bit of commotion and discussion among the people which was stopped as Azen spoke up: “So it seems you have been though a lot these past few decades haven’t you 3, so seeing as you know so much, tell me where is 8 now, if he escaped where is he now?” As Arai answered:”I believe he might have gone to the ancient city of the Primordials in Limbo, but it is just a theory…” There was again some commotion as Niro now spoke: “I see, do tell me child of Tonga…” His words sent waves through the room, his very voice caused the atmosphere to shift: “Can 8 be killed?” That question made everyone open their eyes in surprise and anticipation as Arai  words. Arai passed for a moment as she asked: “Can I be honest my Lord?” That made Tenza grip his first in anger, he out of all those presents, knew just how impossible the question was to answer as he looked over to see Axola who was now fully invested to hear Arai’s words, after all no one had fought 8 as much as he did during the 5 year war. As Arai spoke: “8 is a human who has the core of the primordial dragon within him, but he is in all rights just a man. He bleeds, like a man, he feels pain like a man and he can die as any other man would!” The chains didn’t react as Azen smiled as he asked his daughter Droom to move to Limbo with a force of Millions of Ferali to see and assault the city of Paradise. His orders were for her to try and see if he really could die. She agreed as she left the room. Elorah looked at Azen, with confusion and annoyance as he simply smiled back at her. In that moment the room shifted as many wondered about what this all ment, and what they should do. There was a bit noise from people whispering all around them. As Axola moved forward to stand right before Arai: “So you say he can die, is that so. I’m happy to hear that, in truth I have no faith that Droom can kill him, after all if I failed to even make him bleed once, than she has no hope.” He said with a checky smile as Arai interrupted hm: “Of course a weakling like you couldn’t hope to stand to him.” That statement made everyone gasps in shock as Tenza and Nina eyes opened wide at Arai’s words. Axola stopped smiling as he looked at Arai and slap her across the face then moved in to hold her face in place: “You know I’ve always liked you, I was so disappointed when you were taken and I couldn’t take your hand in marriage in make you bare my children. I had to settle for your little sister… still she was quite a treat to enjoy.” He said with an arrogant smirk, as Arai simply spat at his face: “It’s easy to strike someone who is bound, the clear marks of a weakling.” He looked at her with rage as he wipe his face, he looked down with a murderous gaze as he said: “Is that so, have you been locked in a cell for so long that you forgot just how weak you are. You may have reached level 5 in record time, but make no mistake you aren’t a match for me, even in this human body of yours.” There was a burst of laugher in the room as Azen’s voices echoed in the tense room: “Are you willing to prove that Axola?” Azen was a man who respected power and strength, after all he was a man who made the Alma the war lovering race they were. Axola simply smiled: “Of course but what is there to gain if I do so?” Elorah spoke up, as she pointed her hand towards Aliya: “That child there, what is she to you Arai?” That question caught them of guard as she replied: “She is simply a girl who was in the lab with us.” At the chains made Arai experiences pain as she screamed out in agony. It didn’t stop until Zoe screamed out: “She her daughter!” At that the chains stopped reacting, as Elorah smiled: “I see, we’ll I do have intelligence on you Arai, so how about this: “If Arai wins the fight, you Axola will return Nina to the Nexal clan and revoke your rights to her, and if she looses, her daughter will be yours to do with as you see fit.” Axola laughed as he pridefully added: “Is that so, I have no problem with that at all.” Arai chuckled a bit as she added: “If you’re so confident then why don’t we add some more stakes. If you win I will have your status as Shadow of Aevum revoked, and if I win we will all be allowed to return to our clans and serve back in our clans.” Axola paused: “You must be insane if you think I would ever…” Niro’s voice interrupted Axola: “Agreed Arai, upon your victory you will return to house Nexal with your daughter, while Zoe ands Hope will be allowed to return to the Navar and Apolo clan and you will be permitted to live as Orian’s again, including the 4 back there.” Axola simply bowed down at his father’s words, as he replied: “I have no fear, and I am ready father!” Niro simply said: “You have failed me many times, but I left you be, if you lose Axola, you will be revoked from ever taking the throne as Nuro will be given the title of Aevum reborn and placed to take the throne after me, am I clear?” Axola simply smiled: “I will not lose to this woman!” As the council was ordered to make preparation for their fight in the arena with Mana Academy. 

Hope and Zoe were shocked with Arai’s actions as she simply smiled and said: “Trust me, this is the fastest way we can all return to our clans with no issues! Trust me!” She had a confident smile across her face as she was carried away to prepare for the battle. Arai heard Enari’s voice in her head: “So this is your plan, to fight your way back. I won’t lie I like your style.” He said with excitement as Arai looked on Axola. She knew what his abilities and capacities were from all the times she watched and gathered info when he and 8 fought while she was Cai: “Energy-Air, a interesting combo made even more dangerous by his skill…” She though as Enari added: “True, but in all truths he shouldn’t be a match for you if you channelled Kazemi’s Drive, and used me… but im assuming you don’t want them to know you have a beast now?” Arai responded: “Correct, if they knew that, then this would be even harder, it really is a problem, I will fight him with my own strength.” She said while thinking of how difficult this was going to be, as Enari reminded her: “Just so your aware, you can still use Phoenix magic with me here, I will act as a substitute for Crono in that regards, but I would be careful if I was you, Crono is my child that I created for you, if you use phoenix magic with me here and you don’t tap into Kazemi’s Drive then I can’t promise you that it won’t kill you and him as a result.” Arai smiled as she said: “Don’t worry, I have the advantage in this case, after all I know his move set, he has no idea that time is on my side. Enari smiled as he said: “Ah, let’s see what you can do, Kazemi’s Goddess!” 

Axola looked at with a smile smeared across his face: “To think a dud like you would dare challenge me, oh you’re full of surprises. Tenza also fought me when I demanded his precious little sister from him, and he has Time, magic, you all you are is a glorified teachers pet. A failure of the Nexal clan. But still, I can’t wait to make you mine. Don’t worry, I’ll make sure not to damage that pretty face of yours…” he said as a pulse of electricity came right at him, it came in a flash it hit him dead on. The smoke cleared as stood there with just some burns on his cloths. He laughed as he said: “Don’t you know my core ability allows me to redirect energy and mana, your electric core can’t match up.” He said as Arai looked on, and sent a wave of electric strikes. Axola simply smiled as he took them all head on, walking through the storm of electric strikes as though they were nothing. He took his sweet time, as after a few steps Arai placed her hand on the ground as she said: “You seem to forget that what makes an Ascen so powerful is our ability to use magic and mana far better then any other: Electric-Earth Magic: Magnetic Stream Lock, as the very earth around them moved towards Axola as they covered him slowly he moved quickly to avoid being consumed but it use less as he finally used a spell: “Air core technique activation: Air wave stream” In a moment a large wave of air flowed from His body, it blow all the earth away, as he did, Arai activated a different spells: ‘Flame magic: All consuming fire’ In an instant a wave of fire consumed him, as his wind tried to force it away, all it did was full the flames as they started to rush towards him. He felt the pressure from the flames as he laughed: “You really think a little fire is enough to counter me: ‘Energy-Air Core technique activation: Energetic air flow’ Now the wind flowing from Axola didn’t just blow away objects, but mana itself. He smiled with pride as explained: “My core techniques allows me to control the flow of my mana and any mana in my range with Air infused with energy. There is no move you can throw at me that I can’t counter. I don’t even need to use spells, that what it means to be born special, I don’t need to use spells or Arts to beat you, all I need is my core.” He said as he rushed towards Arai. She jumped back to avoid him but his Energy wind started to flow back, turning into a vacuums puling her in as he landed a right which she was able to block, but he was relentless with his move, switching between pushing and pulling in an instant. It was disorienting, as Axola laughed at Arai who seemed to be unable to dodge or get her barring, he moved in again, but as he tried ot pull her in again a spear of earth and elecctricty pierced his abdomen. As he fell to his knee, he moved back taking a moment as Arai moved in: Electric magic: Charging wave, as she moved in and punched him in the face with a straight right, he moved up to get his barring but a second electric strike hit him, he used his mana to push it all away, only for a steam of electricity to flow from below his feet and shocked him, in a second Axola noticed how he was surrounded by Spell marks all around him ‘Electric Art: dancing lighting.’ he was completely assaulted by lighting as she screamed in pain, in a moment he unsleashed: ‘Energy-Lighting Magic: Flowing Current’ Marks all over his body appeared, the electricity wasn’t hurting him anymore, instead it flowing around him as though he was controlling it, he furious as he moved in rage he screamed out s he unleashed a massive was of energy and electrify that pushed back and spread an electric charge throughout the Arena. His mana and Arai’s mana merge as he conducted all his mana into his fist to strike down the earth, a second explosion erupted sending rock and dust in the air, he used his Air technique to pull Arai in as he unsleashed a rush of strikes that sent her crashing to the Arena walls. She coughed up blood but Axola didn’t stop, he saw his blood which only angered him more: “How dare you, how dare a dud like you make me bleed!” He said while his mana discharged, all looked in horror as Tenza look on in horror. His mana forced all the mana in the area to his command, he made it his, Arai’s mana was mixed in all of it. He channeled it all, as Nina screamed out to Arai to move, the horror in her eyes was all it took for those who looked on know, Arai was about to die. He screamed in rage, he was lost in it, in the principle of it, the humiliation of brain injured, he held nothing back, as even Tenza noted in horror, He looked in horror as a tear flowed down his face, she was about to die is all he could see in his future ability, she was about to die.

Axola screamed: ‘Energy Art: Atomic Scream’, In a moment A flash of light appeared as the pulling force from his attacked forced all the mana to his hand and compacted it as he unleashed an explosion erupted from fist, one that made the whole city shake, in all rights he unleashed a nuclear explosion compacted in his fist right at Arai. She looked on in pure horror as she took the force completly, she actives a level 5 ‘Electric Art: Electric Force Field’ as a wave of electrify consumed her in an attempt to shield her, but it was no use as the wave of energy overwhelmed her, The Arena’s own shield which protected the city and the people in the stands had a major crack in it, as all took time, the whole Arean felt the force and shock from that explosion. They looked on at the mushroom cloud before them. They looked in shock to see what occured. As all they saw was the ashes of human form on the wall, Arai was nothing but ash.” Axola was breathing heavily from that attack as his arm was also bleeding, he didn’t get off easy either, as his right arm was bleeding. He finally got his barring as Nina had tears in her eyes, the whole Arena was silent as Axola laughed: “Damnit, I over did it, I killed her, I can’t believe it…” He said as Nina looked on at the area where all those who came with Arai were. She noticed how they didn’t seem worried as Aliya screamed out before Dunk announced that the victor was Axola: “She isn’t dead yet.” To which the who crowed mumbled in confusion even Dunk paused for a second as a blue flames passed next to Axola and burst out in a roaring pause, Arai seemed to return to life in that moment right on-top of Axola head, she screamed out at the dumbfounded Axola who looked absolute of-guard, who looked her in the eye, in that moment he saw it, just for a brief instant what seemed like a golden strand that Arai kept hidden glowed for a moment and her eyes also had a golden glow in them too: “I was waiting for that!” As she brought down an Axe kick, and unleashed and active a sequence of spells Time Technique activate: ‘Noxa’s Game’+  Delayed Activation’ +  ‘Phoenix Technique Activate: Phoenix Re-Birth’ + Kazemi’s Art: Phoenix Re-Ignition’  As her foot came down on Axola’s head, right on her heal she reactive his ‘Energy Art: Atomic Scream’ right at his face, as a second Explosion burst forth once again, what seemed like a second Atomic Bomb came down, and shook the city, again The Arena shook from the force, now the cracked Shield Cracked more, the force was terrifying. After some time, as all spectators looked on in confusion at what just occurred, As Tola asked Tenza: “What the hell, I thought you said you saw her die?” As he looked beyond confused: “She did die…” He said and paused as he looked on to see what would emerge from the dust settling. As the dust selected, All they saw was a massive crater where Axola was lying down bleeding and passed out. As all the people looked around to see where Arai was, a large bolt of Lightning Came down and struck where Axola was, It hit where Axola was. The sound and force was great and fierce, as Arai appeared to have fallen down with the lighting bolt: ‘Electric Art - Thunder Bolt’ She remarked to the unconscious man: “Just so you know that was the first ever ‘Art’ I ever learned.” She said as she stood over the unconscious form of Axola. It was risk, but it paid off as her trump card activated at the right time. She used her Time Core ability to in a way predict and set up all things to work out as she planned. 
- Delayed Activation: Noxa’s Game alteration is her cores ability to delay the activation of a spell based on a set time, For example in this case, Arai set up for kazemi’s Art: Phoenix Re-Ignition to take place at that specific time.
- Phoenix Re-Birth: is her phoenix ability, the same ability as Irane had, which allowed her to in a way, come back from death like a phoenix. 
- Phoenix Re-Ignition: is the ability to re-activate a spell that was already used, The issue is that the user can only re-Ignite a move with the same core components as the user, so in this case Arai couldn’t have been able to re-active Atomic Scream as it is a Energy Art… which is why she used Kazemi’s Drive. Arai’s True Core is within Irane’s mind. Now she had Irane’s mind core, we can say that like 2 atoms which are quantumly entangled. Always connected which is how she can still move and feel and be alive in her current body, while her core is in Irane’s body. Now normally her core state is Time-Electric as her core, but Irane’s core’s have all 15 core alignment, but she, with Hope and Zoe can only use the other 15 pillars elements when using Kazemi’s Drive, which she used in the cover of that smoke for a brief instant, she used Time magic to make it’s activation and de-activation nearly instantaneous. It was a massive gamble and it required an insane amount preparation to execute. She showed why she was in all rights Kazemi’s mind, the mind that formulates and plans ahead, shifting and changing based on conditions to ensure that the optimal gaol is reached. 
Arai noted in her mind:”I’ve seen you use that move before against 8, it’s in all rights your trump card, a technique you spent your life refining, and one you use when your enraged or pushed to the brink. I knew you’d lose your temper and use it on me, All I needed to do was wait and once you did, I simply took the hit and died, I set up my Delayed activation to take effect on my death and rebirth. Again it was massive risk, but seeing the results it was worth it. 

The Arena was silent with shock as the only voice that screamed out in Joy was Aliya who screamed out in joy, cheering for Arai, as Hope and Arai with the rest simply sat down in relief while Hope placed her hand on her heart which was racing none stop as she said: “I wonder how this is effecting Irane?” Zoe smiled as she replied: “Hard to say…” There was nothing but silence in that Arena, in a moment Dunk after the shock faded announced that Axola is unable to fight: “The victor is Arai Nexal!” Again the stands where silent with shock as Azen noted to Elorah and Niro: “Interesting, so that’s the power boost the human body gives to use Coreporial beings, It truly is interesting to see it first hand like this..” As Elorah added: “No that wasn’t just power, it was the intelligence used by the user to time and plan the moves. But did you both notice for a split second, even shorter actually, I could have sworn I sensed a strange presence for an instant.” Niro stood up in that moment, in an instant he was on the ruined Arena before Arai. He had a blank stare, his face was hard to read, even Arai as he said: “Congratulation, as of this moment, Your friends have earned your titles as Orians once again. Your sister will be retuned, as even this 5 you came with are free to choose where they want to go.” In that moment Arai bowed down low and thanked him, as he added: “Do you hate me Arai?” Arai’s eyes widened as she paused for a moment: “As the man who presides of this world I hate so much, yes I do hate you Lord Niro!” Her admittance to that shocked the crowed as Niro showed a small grin for a moment, Arai noticed it as he spoke: “I see, well that okay. As of this moment you are the head and leader of the Nexal clan. Understand though that you sister may have returned to you, but she is still a subject of mine as well as her child yet born. Just remember that well!” Arai was shocked as she added: “Understood, that you my lord.” As Tenza looked in shock, he was just demoted to being a simple head of the clan as Niro added: “Tenza ever was able to beat Axola, I feel much better having you as the head of the clan, instead of your weakling of a brother. Serve me well Arai.” He placed his hand on her shoulder as he left. In a moment Aliya jumped and hugged Arai as she smiled and congratulated her, followed by the rest. The Arena was still in pure shock to see Axola lose like that as Dunk asked Niro: “My Lord, what shall I do with Axola.” Niro didn’t even look back as he simple said: “Whatever you see fit to do with him.” As he coldly said as we: “Get Nuro out of the prison lab.” As he walked away. Axola was motionless as a tear flowed down his mangled, broken face as Dio looked and asked how he was still alive at all, Arai said to them alone: “The spell used his mana, it didn’t do much damage cause it was his mana, but still the damage was enough to knock him out, Crack his skull, and cause major internal damage.” Zoe added: “yeah and let’s not forget his shattered ribs and collapsed Lung from that Lighting punch you thrown at the end there.” Arai simply smiled as she replied: “I thought using my first ever Art would make for a beautiful exclamation mark on this fight.” 

In a moment Arai heard Nina’s voice calling her, she was quiet and Arai without hesitation gave her a hung. It was a gentle moment where both sisters embraced each other, it was sweet as Hope added: “You know she’s lucky Irane never saw Nina, he wouldn’t have hesitated to get the core of Arai’s actual sister, lucky girl.” Nina smiled as she also showed how happy she was to see them again, as she gave Zoe a massive hug. She asked her where Sith was. Zoe feel silent as she told her how she choose to die for the life a baby naming her Dokia Caedus, as she viewed her as Sith’s child. Nina was silent for some time as she added: “I understand(She looked towards Assa), I hope that attleast this child im carrying and you Dokia will be good friends>” Assa laughed uncomfortable as she said she wasn’t Dokia, which confused Nina as she asked where Dokia was than? As Zoe told her not to worry she is fine, and that she is sure that Dokia and her child will be great friends seeing how they would basically be around 2 years of age apart.” Nina looked even more confused as they assured her it was okay. The moment of joy ended when they went over to the Nexal Clan house. Nina would while here explain all that occurred after they were taken. How Tonga was found dead after the assault. How she was taken by the Vane as her brother lost a battle against Axola and she became his wife. She didn’t go into detail about it as she was doing all she could to put it behind her now. The most important information was what occurred after the 5 year war against 8 and the Primals of Heaven: 
“A war broke out between the Alma and the Spirits which broke the Orians force into 1/3 of what it was, as the Ascen now were all that remained as a primary fighting force. It was the same time all mention of 8 ended. The war was brutal on our people. It was in all right hell. Until Niro made his move, within a year he fully united the forces of Orians under his banner, all bowed before him. He beat Azen and Elorah. I found out while I was living in the Vane house that the depends of Aevum Vane inherited some special power from Lord Mana himself. The power to command spells without the need for incantation or spell symbols. It was a terrifying ability which made him even more dangerous. Now as you all heard Droom Lucerne, is on his way to Paradise to see to it that that monster known as 8 is put to the ground!” Nina was angry, she suffered a lot of abuse from Axola when he would return back after failing and losing to 8. He made her his punching bag as Arai stated: “It’s okay, his face will never be the same again so at least you have that.” She said they all laughed a bit. Soon it was time for Hope and Zoe ot return to their own respective clans as Arai stayed there with Aliya. Nina was shocked that Arai of all people had a child, as Arai explained that she was also shocked about it, as she added that in truth she was more of a student who became like a child to her. She loved Aliya and Valariya. Nina asked who Valariya was as Arai sadly replied: “She was I supposed my daughter as well. The older sister of Aliya, and she was dead.” She didn’t explain more. As the news came for her to meet the elders of the clan. Arai was sure that none of the other members of the clan would except her as the leader, but to her surprise they all bowed and showed respect to her. It was now due to how she had finally unlocked her Clans Time ability that they all accepted her. Arai felt uncomfortable about that but still it was comforting to finally be accepted. She didn’t hold a grudge. After all she saw herself as a monster that allowed another monster to exist. She accepted her role as she wondered where Tenza was. Later at night as Arai entered her old room, while looking at all that she used to have, Enari spoke to Arai in her mind: “Goddess…” Arai was annoyed as she hated it when he addressed her as that but that took a back seat as Enari said: “I sense the core of Cronus here. It is within the range of my sense now.” Arai was shocked and confused as to how that core was here as she remembered what Hope and Zoe told her. Of how it was her brother to lead into the assault as she thought he might have it. It was impossible for Enari to pin point the exact location of his core, but it was clearly near the nexal house or within the city buildings around them. {Note the name of the Ascen Capital was Mana} 


Zoe with Assa and Leo were to be transported to the region of the Alma, to its capital of Pandora. Leo was anxious as he asked Assa and Zoe what to expect, as they simply told her it was a place where nothing but strength mattered. Being weak got you killed. Assa spoke of how she was cast away from her small village as she was considered weak. But Zoe explained to Leo by telling him a story of Azen that her mother told her about him: 
“Azen Lucerne is a monster. He had nearly 100 children with different woman. He natured them and trained them all. It was said he was a supportive father who learned the names of all his children. He made sure none had a beast as they all simply lived with him in his home. Once the youngest of his children turned 18, he separated them into 2 groups of just males and females and began to put them through hell, they were forced survived against feral Ferali, to go to the most dangerous and unsurvivable places in Orians until only 32 boys and 32 girls remained. After he had them compete in their respective groups. He trained them to the point of death, then he pushed them further and had them fight to the death in a tournament. The same one which is hosted every 5 years called: ‘Survival of the Fittest’ It was is brutal and heartless tournament where criminals along side those society consider weak fight in by force. Of course everyone has the choice to participate but it is more or less seen as a death sentence as the victor gets the “honour” to face Azen in combat. In the centuries none have ever won. That man started it by forcing his own children to fight to the death. The survivors where Droom his surviving Daughter and Azura Lucerne the surviving son. And he gave each one of Vraka’s great beasts, Eclipse and Erasure. He Is in all rights a monster who values absolute strength.” As she said that they arrived at the meet up location where a man appeared out of no where and threw a punch towards Zoe, one she blocked with while breaking her arm, and them immediately retailed with a kick which the assailant blocked and moved back. He laughed as Zoe healed her broken arm, then Assa and Leo prepared to attack back as the man laughed: “I’m impressed. Not only did you react and block my attack, but even after your arm was broken, you pushed through the pain and attacked me with a vicious kick. I must admit I think I might have fallen for you Zoe Navar. Won’t you be my wife and have my child? I’m sure they would turn out to be quite strong and fit enough to survive all that cam ether way.” He said as Zoe simply looked at him with a blank stare of confusion. The man looked back as he laughed again: “Oh, where are my manners, My name is Azura Lucerne, son of Lord Azen. It is my pleasure to meet you.” As he extended his hand to Zoe, she shook it as she introduced her self and the 2 with her, as he remarked he knew who she was and again asked if she would marry him. She simply refused and walked away. He sighed as he replied back; “I see so your the hard to get type, understood.” Zoe simply shook her head as she told him: “I already love someone else, and I don’t know I don’t want them to assume I’m the type of woman who will be with any man.” She said. Azura moved next tot her to the trasportation docks. As they arrived Zoe saw the man who killed her mother. The memories of fest passed her mind as Duki looked at her and demanded she showed her respect to the head of the clan. As he said this Azura interjected as told Duki to remember his place. And not to order a servant of his father Azen. He stepped back as Zoe stared intently at him. She gripped her first so tightly that blood started to flow from it. She was doing all she could to stop herself from attacking him. She thought of all the ways, she could kill him. As slowly her mana started to flow out, Aphexia started to form out out as a response from her. It was as if her very body was trying to evolve to kill this man. She silenced her rage for the moment as she she went ahead with them to Pandora. Soon Azen arrived and they departed immediately. He looked at Zoe with a smile as his first words to her: “So who is stronger, you, Arai or Hope?” Zoe didn’t seem surprised by the question as she simply responded: “If depends, If we are talking about battle IQ and ability that goes to Arai hands, hope’s mana is on a different level, she has in a way the most intense and mana of use three, while I can confidently say physically speaking, I am the strongest.” Azen smiled as he heard that: “Good, very good. I have no interest in have any weaklings among my people as I’m sure your aware.” He looked on at Assa and Leo. As she smiled: “two new children to train and mold.” Assa felt uncomfortable but Leo with a fire in his heart responded: “Looking forward to training under you my Lord.” Azen looked carefully as Leo now, more carefully then before as she smiled as he said: “I like the fire in your eye kid!” 

It took only 3 hours to arrive at Pandora. It was a long travel as when Zoe took her step in. She looked at the Palace where the Lucerne rules. A place her mother said was hell on earth. As they walked in all they saw were peole fighting with their beasts and training. It was all they could see in the palace walls. Fighting was all that seemed to matter. Duki reluctantly welcomed Zoe and the rest to the Navar estate. Duki tried to provoke Zoe by saying: “What do you thing, better then that hut we used to live in under your foolish mothers leadership.” Zoe wasn’t amused as she said with rage and anger: “I promise you the next time you speak of my mother, I will beat you down far harder than what 8 did to you when you arrived at Heaven, mutt!” She said As Duki looked her in the eye are you sure about that. He bared his fangs and mana to intimidate them, He looked at Zoe’s eyes. Then what he felt it, as Zoe bare her fangs too, she looked at him, her eyes seemed to have a sense of them of rage and fury. In a moment he saw it. In a moment Assa and Leo felt the pressure as it was that Aphexia and Ruin seemed to be seeing who the Alpha was among them. One would be forced to submit the other. The others members of the Navar clan looked on. Some knew Zoe from when she was a child as hey asked if that was really the same little girl. As they wondered what she had gone through in the past few years. They all felt her force and energy. It was only broken up when Azura stepped in to keep the peace. It was clear now that Zoe would bend the knee to this man before her and he hated it. But he couldn’t do anything about it. As they entered they were greeted by the other clan members. They all looked to be covered in scares and marks. Clearly from battle. Many looked in rough shape. Soon a young man who seemed to be 20 appeared as he greeted Duki as father and Azura as uncle. He looked on to Assa, Leo and Dio. He greeted them as he introduced himself: “Good afternoon to you all, I am Evin Navar(Life/Death-Ice; Harmonic-Light core) seemed to take a particular interesting in Assa, calling her beautiful. She simply thanked him for the compliment. He than asked Leo if she was his, as he said strictly: “No, but she spoken for!” Azura interrupted as he asked: “I’m assuming it was with the younger looking boy who left with Hope as Zoe added: “It’s none of your business so let it go.” She showed no fear and spoke directly with the three of them. This irritated Duki even more, while Azura seemed even more interested by the fire of she had. There clear friction there. 

In the months that followed they were forced to take part in the training and testing set up by Lucerne clan. It was brutal for Assa who wasn’t fully accustomed to it, but for Leo was capable and stood his ground. There was hand to hand combat, physical training and instruction of different balltle style. Even classes on combat arts and beasts skills. They taught a style of combat with involved the full extension of Aura for enhancing physical attacks. It was the foundation of fighting with a beast, But more than that they trained with using their beasts. Soon Leo realised there was no one who seemed to be over 40 years of age. No elderly people around, to which Zoe would tell him about the curse of having a Beasts of a Tool within a Coreporial body and how it took their life force, a fact that they vehemently curse the thought, but she reminded him that he had nothing to worry about as he was a human and his beast no longer belong to the Vraka but to Irane after he altered his beast Pride and also gave him his sober which he was not to use. He thrived in this environment and slowly built up a rivalry with Evin as they started to compete during training. Leo noted how he was stronger than him and Dio but still he was worth challenging. Assa was struggling initially as she was cast into a group none as rejects, A group who were deemed weaklings. Who were bound for the tournament. That is until Zoe took on the task of training them herself. She taught them all and helped them to adjust. She understood the body and how to use Aura better than anyone based on her time in Mana academy and on earth. She took a route and time to help them improve. It took months of work to start showing results, as Azen would get the reports back on Zoe and her training. He saw her as an incredible asset at this point. Throughout the time she started to show compassion to those considered weak, and even started to take some of the Alma who had no parents into her care. She brought them in and roofed them in the Navar estate, something that irritate Duki but he couldn’t do anything as Azura protected her. He was sick of it all. It had been 4 months since they arrived in Pandora as Droom returned from her siege on Paradise. As Zoe heard this she rushed to hear what she had to report back. She was worried as she had felt it, the damage Irane had felt, her body was in pain, especially her right arm. It wasn’t a pain of agony, but more as though Irane’s body was reporting its state back. She felt the pain in her abdomen. 

NB! Enari automatically switches who is with every 4 months between Arai, Hope and Zoe. IN the first 4 months he was with Arai while Crono her beasts was with Irane, on the last day, which was days after Irane fought with Droom, Enari moved to Hope, sending Dima to irane and Crono back to Arai. On this night Arai had a nightmare: She was in the ruins of Paradise with millions of people she didn’t know, as she looked around, she realised she in the centre surrounded by them all. She noticed a few faces, she saw Zoe, Hope, Mira, Pandro and Aliya with all the rest dead aswell. It was a nightmare, as when she looked at her arms she held the lifeless bodies of Summari and Nighla, at that point she jolted up in fear. She heard Crono voice now: “Apologies Arai, it seems as I was returning I showed you one of Irane’s dreams.” Arai was shocked, she was sweetly and taking heavy breaths trying to get composure, as she asked: “A nightmare, why is he dreaming of such a thing?” Crono spoke: “You should remember that Irane Kazemi is in all regards a tool whose greatest fear is failure. He fears failing and so he dreams of failure to keep himself motivated. After all he does have the mind of a perfectionist like you, it’s no real shock that his minds reminds him all the time about his errors, and fears.” Arai paused as she wondered for a moment: “Wait I did this to him?” Crono added: “Yes.” Arai looked down in horror as she cursed her self and her nature and the torture he was forcing Irane to endurer each time he slept. Crono reminded Arai that it wasn’t something Irane cursed. To you Arai this was a nightmare, to Irane this was simply a dream, a possibility of what is to come if he fails. For him it is a reminded to not give up and to give it his all. It was a hard time. 
Same time Hope felt a shift as Enari entered her as he saw him in her dream: “Ah, I believe this is our first interaction within this space, hello Kazemi’s heart, hello my Empress!” Hope was a bit shock as he had the form of an Azure Dragon, a long body and no wings, his original form of a normal dragon with 4 limbs and wings on his back was gone. As Enari said: “You don’t need to worry, I can shift my form as required, I was in my Phoenix form when I was with Arai, and I will be in my beast form when I am with Zoe. But I must admit I don’t like this form very much, it’s not a form designed for direct combat, it more designed for casting spells and manipulating the world through mana. Not something I am fond of, that is Iris’s department.” Enari told Hope of how he detected the core of Cronus in the capital but they were still looking for its precise location still.


Back in the room was a projection of a meeting using magic was set up, Arai and Hope were present as Azen also summoned Zoe to attend. They along with the various other leaders were together around in this meeting. Droom didn’t look like a defeated general return home, no she almost seemed prideful about her defeat as she had a smile that wouldn’t disappear as Azen wouldn’t note how she was smiling after failure as she would begin: “Forgive me father, Lord Niro, lady Elorah and all present, I did fail in killing 8… no in killing Irane Kazemi!” At the mention of that name the mana projections shifted in confusion and Azen asked her to explain: “I spoke with he as I fought against him in the day of the siege. He called himself ‘Irane Kazemi: Core of Cores, The Eighth Champion of Kazemi{Note lets update o to this is, it sounds better and explains better to}, Emperor of Apexia!’ That is what he called himself.” There was a wave of shock that washed on the room, as Elorah would add: “So he is going by Irane now, not a bad name I must admit.” She said with an interested smile. In a moment a projection of Irane appeared. He was different from that they remember as now he had more bird features instead of Dragon ones. They all wondered what it ment as Droom outlined the events of their fight and how she was beating him, she even bragged about how she killed multiple times in their fight. As she mentioned the last wound she inflicted, Zoe felt the pain In her abdomen even now, proof for her that she wasn’t lying and that Irane truly injured still. Droom smiled as she looked at Arai: “It seems Arai was right, I left him at deaths door, but he got the best of me and paralysed me in the last moment as I landed my final attack. The intel we got on all the fights Axola had with him proved pointless, He didn’t use dragons to fight but rather a phoenix form. He used what seemed like that only, I don’t even know how to classify it. It seemed like Aura manipulation and art utilisation. But he is just a man after all. He has Parah! And it had spread all the way over his arm and ” There was a commotion of shock and suprise but also joy. Azen spoke with a grin on his face: “Is that so, that is a bit disappointing, I was hoping to clash against him. But it seems he is a dead man walking.” As Droom added: “Our spies in Heaven have said how many Primals returned after the assault, stating how they saw him as a false champion and that he wasn’t as strong as he explained before. I would have killed him if Mira Ardent hadn’t intervened. But she was also different from before. It seems now and I don’t fully understand how but she seemed to use a beast and a Tool.” At those words the room came to life. Dunk raised his hand to silent the people as Niro spoke: “If that’s the case then maybe it is time for us if we moved in and struck him and his little Empire while it is still weak.” 
At that moment Duki asked for the opportunity to redeem himself. Even Olda also asked to do the same. They were confident now that they could as Niro spoke up as she looked over to a projection of a man who was in cloaks and a mask: “Axola, consider this your final chance to redeem yourself. Azen, Elorah, can we get more assistance from the Arkes. Elorah spoke: “Yes, as Azen was able to gather some Fearli, I think it’s only fair for me to send some of my own Celestials with Olda to aid in the next offensive.” Azen smiled as he added: “You won’t have all the fun , I will send the remaining Ferali who survived this encounter to also attack as well.” Niro added he would send 1 million of the Orians. Consisting 50% of Ascen, 25% by Alma and 25% by Spirits. None disagreed as Niro ordered for the preparation to be made and for them to e ready in a month’s time. At that moment Arai was worried, she feared for Irane’s life as Crono told her: “He can easily heal from Parah the he gets the power of Life/Death from Aphexia in 4 months time when Enari switches to Zoe, if they could hold out till then Irane would be back to his full strength in no time.” Arai also thought in her mind of how he limited Irane was at the moment, she though as she remembered that Milla should give birth to Urial in 2-3 months time from now and when he is born he would access to Iris his tool and he would be in a better positions. As Hope spoke up: “Forgive my arrogance, but may I ask, Parah has no cure as far as we know, wouldn’t it make sense for us to wait for it to spread more around him before we attack again? Why not wait 3 months?” Arai realised she was also thinking about Iris not his illness. She also realised he was weakened now to. They needed to delay as much as they could, but also they needed to not show their intentions. As Azen stated: “Parah is an illness that spreads with the use of mana. The more mana the person uses, the faster it spreads. Irane fought 3 months none stop with no fear according to my daughter. I must admit it’s somewhat admirable. He fights with no regard for his own life…” As Elorah interjected: “Then we should give this battle obsessed monster exactly what he desires, let us make him fight! There’s no need for us to delay the attack, no we need to make him fight more.” Aria Added: “We should send more then just a. Million people, we need to ensure his absolute death and destruction as well as the destruction of that so called Empire!” Her words shocked Hope and Zoe, as it also make Niro smile as he added: “I agree, if he is wounded and is foolish enough to fight still. Then we need to push him further. Droom added how he defended the city for 3 months, and only at his near death did Mira intervene. Mira is a wild card that we need to deal with now!” As he looked on at Tola: “Will you deal with your spawn already Tola!” Told bowed as she said: “We will ensure it, me and my son will also be involved in this assault we will put an end to this my lord!” Niro lied back on his throne as he added: “Axola as you deal with Irane, Arai I am placing you in-charge of the main army, you are to deal with Toma and Heaven. Our preparations will be done in 6 months time. Once we are ready, go and destroy them completely.” Arai was bowed low. Hope wondered what her real goals were, she knew she had a plan but was still worried. 

The rest of the forces where to focus on the destruction of the Toma as he was the immediate threat now. Irane was more of a side piece at the moment. After all he hadn’t aided the Primals of Heaven in the last 6 years accordion to them. The meeting was ended as now in the room was only the Alma. Azen smiled as he looked at Zoe: “You have grown some interesting children in the last 4 months, why don’t we add them to the assault, unit. I honestly don’t want to unleash all of my best soldeirs for this so why not add them in, well call them ‘Squad Zoe’, made of all your children and students, What do you think?” Zoe didn’t hesitate to thank him for this opportunity and for trusting her: Thank you Lord Azen, you honour me, if it is okay with you, would it be proper f I added more Alma from all over the street for this?” Azen looked at Azura as though they were sharing in a private joke between each other as Azura spoke: “There is no need to worry, we were able to collect over 300,000 children who meet your ‘special requirements’ Zoe and we have finished a training hall for them. We will supply all you need for them to be trained.” Zoe thanked then as Azura ordered on of the guards to show her to where it was all set up. 

After some time she was there, she collected Assa and Leo as she explained what occurred in the meeting. They were shock even more so Leo, as Zoe explained that their simply using this as an excuse to get ride of the chidren in the streets and all the people they consider useless. “What an evil man” Zoe said in disgust, but she had a smile which contradicted her words. Assa asked what they would do as Zoe simply grinned towards her, as she said: “Don’t worry your the key to all this Assa.” She was confused as they entered the new location with the collected citizens and children as Zoe explained: “I think we can offer all these children a better tomorrow away from this hell hole.” She smiled at the thought of it, She panned on having Assa mark all the children who would be sent out with a special mana that she would make, a mana that would tell Irane that these are from her(Zoe) and to do his best to protect and take them in: “I was relieved when they brought up your name, they have no idea how special you truly are.” She said with a smile. As they entered and Zoe started to teach all those present with aid from the Alma assigned by Azen. In secrete Zoe had Assa use her beast K’sNature to grow fruits with special mana properties, that sent out a faint mana signature that only Irane or detected even from kilometres away. And she also asked her to make special bands from the vines of the trees that they would wear imbued form Zoe’s own Nature mana. It would send a signal to Irane to see them as people to protect and not kill. 



Now we have to take a look at Hope who was now in the capital of the Spirits: ‘Sophioterra’ a gem of a city which was in all rights a staple of magic and creation and technology. They focused on the use of Tool, and unlike the Alma, they valued knowledge and skill with creation over one’s physical ability. They fought with tools and strategy over pure brute force. They held direct over that fact for their society. When Hope arrived there with Dio and Rui, they were amazed by how beautiful it was. When they arrived Elorah moved with an atmosphere of grace as all bowed in all at her. Hope found it strange as they all bowed not from loyalty but fear and awe. They all referred t Elorah as their most beloved citizen. Statues of her were all over the place. When they arrived at the palace Elorah paused as she informed Hope that she would need to prove herself. Hope was confused as Olda appeared and bowed to Elorah. He was accompanied by a 2 individuals, A man and woman. Olda looked at Hope, as she looked back at him. Her mothers killer who spoke to her with nobility, he introduced the 2: ‘Good day Hope, this is lord Tenma Seraph, the one and only son of Elorah who wields the gift of Tevan's Edict, and this is the one and only daughter of Lord Tenma: Lady Pino Seraph, wielder of the gift from Selis: Kieths Brand.” As he finished Pino spoke up: “God day Hope Apolo, it is my pleasure to meet you, I will be delivering your test…” She said as she extended her hand, as she did a mark appeared on it as Pino asked them to follow her. They were in a special area as Pino explained: “That mark on your arm in my power, it will last on you until the conclusion of the test. The room started to transformed into what seemed like a shifting puzzle and cube. The squad blocks on the ground started to hover moving around. They were of different color. Red, Blue, White and Black as Pino explained: “The square will change colour at random intervals. As you see that mark on your arm will grow and consume you constantly if you move from that blank square. Now you must destroy all the tiles in an order of Red, Blue, Black and White in that order. You can’t destroy 2 red squares back to back. It must be in that order. Now the squares will all change colour. You must destroy them all, while also avoiding the archers around the room. You will only have 3 minutes to plan, then the challenge will start, you have until that mark has completely consumed you. So be very careful. Oh and you are permitted to use a tool and spells, techniques and Arts but that is all.” She said with a devious smile. This was a nearly impossible test set to test ones skill and ability to use their skill to adapt to the situation. Rui looked at the test and its set up, there were a total of 100 squares meaning 25 of each colour, but what made it complex what how the color would change and how the mark would consumer her at different intervals. The only proper way to deal with it was to destroy them while remaining. Elorah looked on with curiousity. She had seen many attempt and fail, in truth she was excited to see how she would overcome this. Olda made a bet with Tenma that she would fail, as the bet was set that if she succeeded he would allow her back in the clan with no issue, but if she failed she would be made a slave of the Apolo. It was dark as Tenma only agreed to it as his mother didn’t really care. Elorah had a soft spot for woman, but more then anything she loved skilled woman of ability. She was quite interested at this but Pino was sure she would fail. It was impossible to pass this on a first run. She was confident as the time ran for Hope to plan. 

Hope looked around as she pulled out her Tool. Olda remembered the day when she got that blade, He wasn’t sure what it would do or how its effects worked but he understood well that she wielded their clans space core ability to create portals. It was what he believed as he explained it to Pino and the archers, They were ready to attack her the second she created a portal, and they were on the look out for the marks the Apolo clan needed to set up to open portals. They knew well and were prepared. As Pino noted: “We know full well how the Apolo teleportations works, you can bounce around and move, but you can only open a portal in view of your sight, but you can only open one at a time. Once you d that my archers will unload on you, I trained them specially, they are all master archers with skill and ability that was out of this world, they were elite as she smiled in anticipation of her defeat.” She was a prideful woman, she knew that Elorah took note of Arai and was interested in her skill, in truth the interest made her jealous, she had to work for years to earn even the slightest gaze of interest from her grandmother. Now Hope was next, she would allow her to shine in any way. She wasn’t going to allow someone else, especially someone of a clan lower then hers to gain her grandmothers attention, no, she would allow it. As the time approached Hope gripped her blades hilt, preparing to draw it. Her mana started to flow around the room, as the archers prepared to see where she would teleport to. IN that moment within Hopes mind she spoke with Dima: “Don’t worry, I can handle something this simply without you Dima, I will use Tempers ability alone.” Dima chucked as she replied: “Understood, show them your skill Hope.”

The test began in a moment as a set of arrows were launched at her position while others prepared to strike where she would appear. In an instant Hope opened her eye’s and drew temper. In a second what All the blocks broke apart and the arrows simply passed and hit the ground as all 100 squares were broken in an instant. She noted to herself: “This a move I learned recently, my previous blade was just able to cut the space where I aimed it, but this new blade temper was more direct, it cut on a predefined path set up by Hope. Within her spacial range, in most cases she could only cut objects a 10 feet around her. Well that would be the restriction if she didn’t have the spacial ability of her father Tola, the spacial ability to create tunnels within a range which allowed a user to extend their vision and space they control to a minimum of a Kilometre. The room wasn’t that large as she said: ‘Core technique: Spatial Omniscience’ + her tools ability to cut on a set path of mana within a set mana path: Energy Art: Mana Slash!’
In that same motion she sheath temper, the red edge of the blade was only visible for moment as the trail ended in a moment. There was a shock that passed over all who were watching. Pino even opened her mouth in shock, as well as Tenma and Olda. It was a shock. Even Rui was shock too, the only in the room who didn’t seem surprised was Dio as he said to Rui: “I served under her when she was Cai for some time, she was direct and she never wavered when a choice was made. She was absolute and direct never taking a different route when there was a direct one right in front of her. 

Pina gathered her self from the shock and looked toward Elorah as she noticed a large smile across her face, it enraged her, Hope had impressed Elorah, as she clapped in satisfaction. Tenma chuckled as he told Olda: “Well damn, I guess I win that Olda!” Olda couldn’t believe it as he accepted defeat. Elorah moved to stand before Hope. Hope bowed as Elorah praised her: “Welcome to the Spirits Hope Ardent, I look forward to all you shall brig for my kingdom, for my nations, for my Spirits!” Hope bowed low as she added: “I am honoured and I look forward to serving the Spirts in your name my lady, I will not disappoint you.” Elorah smiled as she pulled Hope in for a smile. An action which infuriated Pina. A hug, she spent 30 years without ever receiving any physical attention from her grandmother and yet, here and now, in less then a day, Hope had caught the sight and interest of her. It made her blood boil. Olda welcomed Hope back to the clan. Hope simply accepted. She didn’t show emotion towards her uncle, in truth her blood was boiling and it took all she had to not cut his head of right there. But she understood what her role truly was. To act as the spy they needed. To return to her clan and find clues to where Gaia and Cronus’s cores were. But she had made an enemy in Pina. As Simply set she bowed low. 

Hope in this time asked for Dio and Rui to enter the Halls of Knowledge, the main education hub, and the most prestigious school. The Spirits really heavily on the use of tools and weapons and thus their understanding of technology and magic powered devices and weapons. They work with technology known as Ca-teck, a special type of tech which used mana as power sources. The most common as devices heat emitters for cooking, heating and boiling water;, then you also have additions to tech which uses water-fire-Ice Ca-teck pack with makes it thorough for water in homes, it is advance within vechiles and they even use is to make mean weapons besides the ones they use as tools. Again advance in tech. 
She continued to but heads with Pina many times, through this time. But most importably as Dio and Rui attend at the Halls of Knowledge, Hope was working directly under Elorah learning within her personal circle, working and learning directly from Elorah as well as the top scientists, technicians and artisans in the city. A feat they all quietly resent Hope for as to them she achieved this within Days of Arriving as for them took years. It was humiliating in a way. She was still seen as formidable though as she quickly showed her initiative and skill by adding Ca-Teck and adding special spell marking them directly in a more refined mana, even improving on some spells makes that had been in use within many different artefacts of tech in the city. Elorah was amazed by Hope’s large scale knowledge on Magic and spells, as he directly offered to teach her the ancient magics of the Spirits, A class of magic which scales from level 7 to 10 in the Spirits society. They contained dark and forbidden magics, but it was a complex and new field of Magic to her. It shocked her as she wondered how Gran her master would react to new field of magic, im sure he would have finally showed true joy. She smiled as she excitedly accepted Elorah’s offer. To Elorah Hope seemed to be more than just an interest, she started having her around more and more. She took Hope under her wing and taught her magics and spells unknown to her. Ones that combined with ca-Teck. 
Now it the end we have set on the events that lead Olda would move out leading 250_000 Spirits to battle. He was excited to fight as. 

(Now at the same time we see Tenza and Tola’s son Tunde Ardent(Space-Earth; Chaotic-Darkness core) meeting with Simon) As they greeted him as Lord Aevum! He excited smiled at seeing them. Simon was gone, as he spoke as Aevum now, his eyes were now a pitch black. He smiled at seeming them: “it has been far to long my children, you’ll have to forgive me for my silence these past few years Navigating Earth and Limbo took far to much of time, now it was worth it. I am closer then ever to getting all we have set forth. Now listen up both of you. We’re are the cores of Cronus and Gaia?” They bowed low as Tunde told him that the Ardents needed to hide it at a location with the land of the Spirits capital: Sophioterra. It was the only location where they could trust to hide it. And Tenza said he hide it in his secret lab in the Nexal House. This pleased him as he disclosed that Arai, Hope and Zoe where working for Irane, but he didn’t disclose any more details as he told them to be careful moving forward. He was heading back to earth as he finally found the path to getting all he ever wanted. He smiled as he said: “You know fate the patient and playing long game really does weird results. Arai, Hope and Zoe… I knew they were special, I knew it, Its why I wanted them so badly when I was Suu. All three had the traits I needed the most from the 3 blood lines of Time, Space and Life/Death, but most importantly they all had so much potential. You both saw how Arai destroyed Axola, that is just the tip of the ice-berg. Irane kazemi, oh I can’t believe it. He was born and created from their three cores. And now the key, the design to Irane’s very body lies within Ember, I will need to get my hands on her. She is currently in the city of Paradise. Tunde you and your father are going right, Tenza I want you to also go. Listen up well Irane is currently at his weakest form right now. He he limited ot only 15% of his true strength, he told me so himself. Listen you must kill him now while he is at his weakest, he is deprived of his most powerful pieces, his beasts and Tool. And with his illness, and simply losing to Droom tells all we need to know about his current strength. Make sure you end him Tenza, It is the key to everything and when you raid the city ensure you capture Ember alive and return her. Do your best to be quite about it, I don’t need that brat Niro finding her first. I need to get to her ASAP..” They agreed as Simon left ordering them to get the cores of Cronus and Gaia and make sure that Arai and them don’t find them. 
As now they were alone they both expressed their confusion to all of this, there were so many unknowns so many questions they had, but they fact that he was happy and even planning ahead ment he was on the right track. They now needed to simply follow their lords will as it is revealed that The Ardent clans and the Nexal clans were designed to be his personal breeded clans and his tools. Te leaders of the clans have served thier ‘father’ since the age of Darkki Ardent and Noxa Nexal! They were always loyal to him since then but that was not information Arai knew nor would she now. As now Tenza returned to the manor, he had avoided Arai and Nina for the past 4 months, not directly speaking to them unless he was summoned to a family meeting. Arai also didn’t call to him, and saw his avoidance of her as expected. Now as he returned to his lab, he would to his absolute horror find the core of Cronus gone! 




Part 7.3: Battle Lines!

[A month before the planned assault of the Orians we come to see the Apexian’s: Note that the names of the people in Apexia empire, we need to make their collective name to the public as Apexian’s, while in the empire they understand that there are Valariyan’s and Apexian’s, but they except the terming of Apexian’s from those outside their home as they understand that their traditions and information is unknown to them and they don’t mind that.] 
The city was a buzz now as it seemed that everyone was busy moving and destroying old builds that Irane deemed unsalvageable from his perspective. The shields and defences were improved greatly in the past few days often the attack. Irane even opened one of the most sacred locations as a place of leading, Within the palace within the section where the Primals of old held the ceremonies and praised the primordials. Irane set it out and made it a place of learning and rest for all the children. She did it to secure the children and it was currently the biggest and most intact building. But he did ensure to keep specific sections cut of and inaccessible to the children. And the general public. The palace became the heart of the city where all the children learned, but as Irane now had Dima, he was able to set up a special barrier in the centre of the city, one that would make the city in a way intangible to people without permission to enter, they would simply pass from one side of the city, to the other. It was a very powerful spell, but it was only activated partially as Irane was moving around the city. He had ask Pandro to lead an elite unit to Tulla and clear out the Celestials who were occupied there. He was ordered to ensure the city wasn’t damage as mush as possible during. He was the most adapt at understanding magic and advance technology as he was exception at magic at this point. He was supposed to go with Ember, but she had other plan.

Ember never knew her mother that well, but she did know that her last name was Osiro, that was all she knew about her, so now after Tan Loo and her had a conversation, he would note that she looked really similar to Kai Osiro, the current head of the Osiro clan, he had only seen what she looked like once during a mission years ago. He noted how when she first saw her, he thought she was Ember but older. She told him that her mother’s last name was Osiro, and that this could be a connection to her, She was curious and she wanted to find out answers if possible about her. Than as she said Tan offered to help her as a way to apologise for not confirming that you all got the proper mission report. She told her how Miho’s son Elho survived and wasn’t captured, he was now with Crimi squad, he disclosed that he heard what Miho confessed before you all left, about tempering with the data to get Irane Killed: “Still despite all of that we should have done better, so let me help with this latest let me help you get to the Osiro without dying at least. As she agreed with tears streaming down her face, after all that had happened it was comforting for her having him, someone besides Simon who know of the old days, the days of the rebellion. She thanked him as she told Irane she was leaving to see the Osiro, as Irane replied: “Oh, you doing to see your cousin?” The question shocked her as she asked how he knew, as he replied by telling her that he still had the memories of when he was a tool, before gaining consciousness, and he saw Kai many when he was acting still under Minia, they seemed far to similar, I even over heard a rumour, or more of a fun fact that she shared with Minia, that her mother had a twin sister, who was captured years before the events of Fest, at that time, he mothers was the leader, but she died during the tragic event, after all she was the one who held The Book of Father Time. He wasn’t surprised as he showed little interest in whether she stayed or left. She was a bit shock, as she expected a stronger reaction as she said: “Really, I was sure you would beg me to stay and help Pandro with the city of Tulla still, after all I am one of the best and smarted people who understands the fundamentals of this city, there basically of 3 people who can even operate that shield and defence, Me, Pandro and you. Meaning if I left you would have to man the shields personally…” She said as Irane added: “Yes… so?” His silence and confusion to her was shocking. Ember seemed even more confused as she assumed he needed her as Irane told her: “You seem to forget that you’re not a Valariyan or a Apexian, the only reason im even allowing you to operate is simply because your the mother of my son. In all respects I never added you as part of the equation to this plan at all, you never said you would aid us after all you didn;t agree to it or anything. Im more confused. You can leave or stay I don’t really care. Tan please take care of my son Mother, I don’t want to explain to him why he doesn’t have a mother please.” The joke is what really cemented it for her as she asked: “Is that really all I am to you, your son’s mother… that’s its? And here I though I was more… No sorry, that was my mistake, I almost forgot, that your no exactly a human, but a tool of that witch Ara...” She didn’t finish her sentence as In an instant she was moved by and stood right in front of him now. It was sudden as his tail leaned towards her neck as though the point of it was a sharp weapon about to empale he, she was quite as Tan was shocked as Irane spoke with an authoritative and threatening tone: “Don’t mistake it, I only tolerated your insults towards her because you where still Pregnant with my son back than, and she didn’t tell you to stop either, but understand something Ember…” His tail pressed against her neck now as a drop of blood started traveling down the tail and her her neck: “This is the last time you ever call her that or insult her in any other way, than even the fact that your my sons mother won’t save you, and that goes the same of Hope and Zoe to. Consider this your only, and final warning!” If there was one thing Ember understood was how serious he was, all she felt was rage and murderous intent from him, as even Tan fell silent in fear at the way his mana felt at that moment. Irane moved his tail and started walking away as his tone returned to his normal relaxed self: “Well travel safely, and don’t be strangers okay Ember, Tan.” He said as he walked our the room, Ember felt down at what just happened, his felt as though her life was about to end as she started to cry, Tan held her as he held her, they didn’t even say goodbye to Mira or Criya as they simply left without a word, the humans that came with Tan also left, but quite a few chose to stay and had decided to become Valariyan’s. Many where the ones they had saved from the lab that day to. They seemed to be grateful to Irane for sending Mira and his forces to save them. They knew it wouldn’t be easy but they still decided to take a chance and see what it was life with him. As by sunrise Ember, tan and the rest of the resistance embers had all left. 

Irane was now in the handling the shield as he was the only who could handle it which worried Mira, as she stated: “You know using your mana only makes Parah spread through your body more, I mean it’s already started to move down to your legs and even your more of you lower back now.” Irane simply shrugged: “It won’t really spread much if I just keep the shield on standby and keep it on passive mode, we aren’t being attacked so me keeping watch while im here and prepared for is a suprise attack comes will help us the most. Besides with Dima here I have nothing to fear, with her ability I can detected and have a view of a vast range, they could launch a surprise attack if they wanted. I can keep this up for a whole year as along its just being in passive mode, and I just need to hold out for what 4 months till I get Aphexia to heal me up.” Mira was still worries but she had her duties to as she added: “Oh, Milla and Gran-Gran asked to report that Urial is fine, and that Milla is bound to die birth in the expected 2 months from now.” Irane smiled as he said: “Ah, we should hold a celebration on his birthday throughout the city, we should have most of the city housed by than too, Pandro will take about 6 months in his mission so he won’t be around, too bad, atleast his children will be here. Ahh, that also means I’ll have Iris back, I just realised that I haven’t actually connected to her yet since I came too… Once I have her, I will have my will back, it feels like and eternity ago that I was fully whole. Oh I can’t wait to have my Forge back and… Ah, I’ll access to my Series Again, it feels like it’s been an eternity since I last saw them.” Mira asked what he was talking about as Irane looked at her for a moment and asked: “Wait tell me Mira have you ever taped into my Will Core’s power before?” Mira was confused: “I don’t know what you mean?” Irane paused: “Ah, so I never really did explain what makes my Will cores a curse have I... 
Well I have 3 sets of cores as you know,
1. My Drive/Command cores 
2. My Will Cores and, 
3. My Conceptual Cores. 
My Drive Cores are connected as you know to my body, but Conceptual Core’s are a bit different, they are linked to my core directly. So you see design, his core is linked to my core or better to say he is connected to Kazemi’s Core. My core after all is the core of the Primprdial dragon re-born, he is linked to the power of my design’s personified, I have another 9 set cores, within me, but I can’t access the without Iris, she in essence is my core manafest, the key to my Forge and my Will. Iris is my core but made manifest in reality, like how your core is actually within me, while you have my core within you. Your core’s all of them are within my universe as part of it, but not just as part of it, they are in the place f fundamental pillar of me, My Drive and Will which I you have are different. Enari is the one who hold the power to my drive cores, which is the cores that Arai, Hope and Zoe have, while your cores are within Iris. Mira… tell me do you knwo why I consider you all cursed by me…” She spoke up: “Yes, You see it as a curse that we are connected to you forever, and how we don’t in a way have a choice but to be effected by you, like how I have no choice but to feel your emotions as in the form of Emo…” Irane interrupted as he asked added: “I see, you have an idea, but trust me what you feel right now is nothing compared to what it truly is that Emo is. Souls, Emo, Cycle, Mono and Unity are all expression of my cores. Anchor, Constraint, Transition, Grimoire and Flesh are all special class extension to them, Your core right now, is my Emotion core, When I was fighting Kazemi in the trial, yes I do only remember it as a dream but I remember that dream a bit well, I only got a small glimpse of the feeling of it from Enari, but anyways, During the Trail, I may have erased myself, but I did lose myself. I had to control myself in all regards. When I learned to created cores which took about Trillions of tries before I even started to get an understanding of it, I only made 20 cores, 5 I used as you know as my drive to keep me going, but my will cores act not just as extensions to the drive cores effects and abilities. But in short, I made a core to store the souls and experiences of my deaths which I could access as spits. It was the foundation of all to come, as a mastered the art of creating spirit version of all my past deaths and attempts and consolidated how they worked I evolved further and used it be the expression of all my cores spirits, as my bodies spirits of each of their mana components and so forth, but anyways with your current core, my ‘Emotion core’ It doesn’t just channel my emotions, it weaponises it, joy, grief, love, all the good emotions, once I get Iris back you will experience my Will in full blast, I can’t wait to see that, but I will wait until Pandro is back and after I tell Crono to warn Arai about Aliya, you will all experience the full power of my Will. And can assure you. My Will is on a different level, cause I have to command them all, I wonder If you’ll be able to command even one of my will cores, I can’t wait to see how you’ll act when your forced to express my emotions on full blast. It will be an experience.” Mira looked annoyed at him and his laughter as she simply stared in annoyance at his laughter, then said: “Please I’ve controlled your emotions emotions snout already, how hard can it be at full force.” As she left, Irane was now alone with just the 4 babies, he looked at them as her said to Summer and Night: “She has no idea, they all really have no idea what kind of power was needed to beat Enari… Even Ember seems no to see the end
{Adjust the text in the previous parts and remove the part where she saw the last 2 parts phrasing, edit it to just say she experienced 2 only}
If they only saw just how those last few fights, It really did feel like a dream, I mean… Moving and creating sun and black holes, it all seems insane, but I can still tell from my Grimoire that Pandro has that there are some spells I can’t access, and they are on a different class. I wonder if he’ll be okay when he see those spells… It worries me, but none worry more than Aliya, if she ever taps into the spirit of Kazemi, of my core instead of my mind, or heart, or body, or even my begging and end. If she ever taps into that spirit, well I feel bad for whoever is near her. Oh I really do feel bad, she would unleash a monster of a different kind. She would be possessed by Kazemi, and that is the worst possible outcome, even in a limited capacity, Aliya is still far to inexperienced to use and control that power. She will need centuries to even begin to get a grip on it, I truly do hope she does as I ordered her and not use or tap into my core and my will unless its life or death. I need to make sure Arai is ready when I used my Will for the first time, all 5 of them will have their Abilities activated fully it would be bad if Arai hadn’t properly contained Aliya…” Well well cross that bridge when we get to it right.’ The four them just played around him, none responsive to his comments as he looked on. 
The city would enjoy one month of peace, before the Orian’s would attack again… 

The peace which had set in for a month seemed to die as Irane who was standing guard detected movement from afar. He sensed the mass of warriors taking root in the same area Droom used to set up her forces before. This was clearly going to be a similar tactic from before, he reasoned that they were here to again try and kill him, he wondered it Droom was back again. He set the city to be on a yellow alert, which indicated that enemies were nearby and to be ready. The city was already roaring with life and movement as the people were busy working and fixing up the city as the order came, the people seemed to already know their roles as shops changed and people simply in what seemed preset movements, moved to their designated bunkers or meet up location. It was fast and smooth. They moved quickly as the guards on the walls prepared the cannons and aiming where they were told. This time, Criya was in-charge of the city defence while Mira was part of the offensive unit. They prepared to engage the enemy and prepared for the long battle ahead. Irane was the one co-ordinating. Milla moved once again to her post, but this time, it was still in the central school where all the children, and the elders where. They were set there as she was there with Dokia, Summari, Nighla and Junior. Even Aura was there now with other children, None where worried as they moved about, all the children had tasks and duties too during these kinds of events. They weren’t serious tasks, but rather tasks to keep them occupied and also give them taks which did help, the more responsible they were the more tasks they were give. The ‘best’ job or the one they considered the most important was heeling watch the babies. There were quite a number of them and so a lot of help was needed at these times where most adults were needed to help man weapons, and move supplies around. In truth most bunkers had been made into war sheets to make citizens work in assembling weapons, then transporting them around to the needed section at any of the 4 major gates. The city at this point point had tens of Long range cannon towers, and wall mounted cannons. They were all re-designe din the past month to be more flexible and to channel more power. But the most important feature made was how the mana supple to power the cannons was extended form just mana crystals, to the very mana of the people when connected at specific locations in the city. The people, powered the very city they were in as all stated as they all worked a line from their emperor: “Put your very core into it” Which for them ment to use all your mana and all you energy to the task, and in this case to the cities protection. The people were different this time and it was clear, with their humans forms all had perfectly healthy bodies and in their human bodies they had a lot more flexibility and movement, Irane made sure that people didn’t just carry on living, he held training session for the people, diving people by their skills and abilities. He even started to show them how to use the spells and arts he made. They couldn’t still couldn’t use Irane’s spells like Pandro, Criya, Milla and very few others and the few in the elite. They all had made contracts with Irane when they were taken as children during the reign of Minai. They were very few who truly could use it, but Irane set it up so they could learn the basics of the mana symbols for casting the spells. Only those directly contracted to Irane can use them, and he could only complete the contract with Either Enari or Iris. And the moment he had neither so he couldn’t in all rights complete the final contracts to give them a Tool or Beast of his own creation. But that mattered little. All the people were also trained in using mana effectively and in how to enhance ones mana and its strengths and power, Mira handled the elite class for those who truly showed skill and ability and could handle to harder training according to Irane’s judgement. Irane was within the Palace in the main shield control room, but he was able move around though a elemental body he used, connecting through Dima who also allowed him to manifest it throughout the city, whenever. He became the co-ordinator and watcher of all things in the city. But he watched over as they all prepared now. Criya was positioned in the North Gate which was the only direction they could move in now, they needed to move in from the northern direction, and them split to the east and west gate, the South Gate was already fully held and inaccessible. It was the only gate to Heaven directly. 

Audis was already positioned at the East Gate, while Evelyn was in charge of the co-ordinating the forces on the Western Gate and also was in-charge of the medical bay to treat any wounded soldiers, Irane made her take the job to her shocks and confusion. He even taught her how to heal using life/death-fire-ice core healing an application she never thought of, but he also showed her how to use it offensively if needed. She was still considered a Apexian as she was already human and in a sense still following the ‘old ways’ but she was a valuable asset still, one Irane used to its full extent.

Axla was preparing a new special weapon made to use the power of Duki’s Decay and aging abilities and channel them to break through the sheilds and defences set up, They were Shield Destroyers, that were even modified by Hope to fire a follow up shoot that will case massive destruction at the contact point, designed to destroy the city walls which were reinforced with Earth and different kinds of spells and barriers to enhances the strength of the walls and ensure they could take a full nuke and still be standing, they were the second problem but the gates around the Gates was the weakest, as they were aiming to aim right at the gates to blow them away. They moved in close to positions to fire at the three gates, They had 3 cannons lock and loaded with Duki’s shield destroying art orbs loaded . They planned to move all three to their needed positions while a forces attacked directly drawing their attentions they will push through their shields. Well march the largest force directly down the Northern gate, drawing Irane’s attention as last time, but what he won’t expect is that in truth the winds into the the west and east gates are the true targets. Olda you will lead the East gate with Tunde, while Duki will strike the West gate, with Tola.  Tenza you’ll act as our main marksman with this 3rd canon. In truth the cannon aimed at the north gate will be very different, it was enhanced to be the most powerful and devastating shot there is. You will be in charge of firing it at him at the perfect time. Don’t worry about me, I can survive the explosion as it is made of my mana, but still a class 8 explosion will probably leave me seriously injured but still it’s the best I can do. Mixing it with Duki shield destroying orb was no easy feat, but understand that this is the most powerful thing we have. It will end him no matter what. 

They all agreed as they prepared, Irane would watch as he was able to detect their movements based on their mana and cores now, he could see their positions, number and he could even tell if they were Ascen,Alma or Spirits based on how their mana looked, seeing the effects of Aura and force on the cores. He noticed that the Alma force had a large group of who had a trace of Zoe’s mana. He noticed it from there as he wondered what it could mean. It was a force of about 550_000 Alma, with what seemed liked 300,000 of them being marked with this green mark, and the seemed to be the force leading the pack in that group, It was different from the Spirits, even their formations was intresrting to him, as she ordered Mira to position her elite forces to the East Gate. As he said to her: “I am detecting a large group of Alma who had Zoe’s mana signature on them. You should be able to sense it as you have my Will core, Do your best to capture them all alive if possible please. As many as you can manage.” Mira was shocked but it wasn’t undoable as she asked: “Okay, so are we going with the Plan A or B?” Irane replied with a sense of joy: “Don’t worry, we’re still on for plan A, no need to move to plan B at all yet.” Mira paused as she said directly: “Don’t overdo it, we won’t hold back on attacking them when they go through, so don’t hold the shield active for too long.” Irane chuckled as he replied to Mira: “Understood, but you really do worry to much, General Mira, you’d definitely be a nagging mother.” She didn’t reply as she ordered her force to move. Irane told Criya to old prepare the engage. And reminded him that they are executing plan A with a slight change to it based on what Mira was instructed. Criya understood as now the time would begin, at both sides completed their preparations Axola ensured that they would do as much damage as possible. After the intel and breakdown from Droom, they would source their way in by anchoring at 3 major positions, they planned on send the Alma and Spirits in First, then have Duki and Olda summon the Ferali and Celestials to act as the second wave mixed with the elite troops. They planned on putting all the pressure on the soldiers back to the wall and then using the cannons to strike from afar and story the shield and such a whole at each gate to which they would send the second wave. They planned this very carefully. Axola made sure to look at the detailed report by Droom on all the actions she took and he took special attention to have people to control the battle field from the Ardent clans on the wings. The true assault with be the gates and he would do his best to bait Irane Into close combat, and if possible strike ever more directly, He made use of Tenza as an advisor and as the one who holds the ultimate weapon in this fight. 

As thy sank in and completed their preparation, they began to move just before the morning, as they prepared to attack in the break of light, as the first light of day shined on Paradise they began their march and started firing their long range cannons and Mana Bullet lunchers. They first in the walls and the battle field covering it with smoke as they 3 teams began their move. They rushed in screaming expecting to see some soldiers but they didn’t meet any resistance, but they still moved. The teams assaulting the East and West gate decided to move on regardless and prepare to move in through the Tunnels in space Tola was creating in real time for them to move while being safe from range weapons. They moved in on both gates as Axola moved his forces in, he saw the north gate forces being lead by a being in snow blue armour. He knew it was Criya. He knew that specific armour as he charged in to break him and his forces and to force Irane to come and save his soldiers. Both sides on the north gate fired their launches and cannons and attacks as they met on the battle field. As they clashed the North Gate cannons fired onto them forcing them to spread out and retaliate with their own cannons and launched which simply bounced off the shields. They were in a bad positions but that fine, they were doing their job as Axola surmised they planted their most powered cannons on the Northern gates meaning the East and West had less powerful ones set up which made hm happy. He was excited to hear the good news form the 2 groups. Who now were about to reach the gate as they did Olda and Duki ordered the cannons to be fired as they moved in they fired the shield destroyers as they did as designed and turned the East and West Gates apart and made the shield open a whole at those positions as they rushed in ready to slaughter all they would come across only to have a different view now as the building before the disappeared the second they passed the city gates, the first group of Alma who ran in the West Gate found themselves in a sections of the city fully surrounded by Apexian’s and Mira looking down at them with canons pointing at them.. It was only the Alma who were marked by Zoe with Assa’s ability who were moved there. But the others were forced teleported outside the city in the oppposite positions, so those who entered through the East gate were now by the outside section of the west side, and vice versa. It was so disorienting as Irane watched them form the palace as he activated Dima’s ability. He set up his own tunnels and pathways in pace from those 2 gates as now they were in a section where they’re was nearly no coverage and they were fully exposed to the other wall mounted cannons and massive mana charges and bullets automatics. Irane ordered them all to open fire on all who spawned by the walls and to ensure they all died. It was hell for the Alma and Spirit as one second they were entering through the destroyed gate, then being on a different location near the wall suddenly being fired upon. Disorder and chaos spread as thousands of Orians were slaughtered by the cannons, very few were able to escape that hell alive. It was tormenting as their cries and screams were shown to the North Gate Ascen. It was disheartening and demotivating. As they all heard the screams looked on while they were also being showed in a storm of mana projects and bullets, it was a true war zone now, as all of a sudden explosion started igniting and sending troops into the air as it seemed land mines where set up all over, it was land mines which weren’t there before suddenly appearing as though teleported there. Explosion started littering the field as the deaths became too much. In a moment of rage Axola ordered them to retreat. And for the Feral and Celestials to provide covering fire for their retreat, as all three gates were left in a panic. The areas were litered with corspeses by the afternoon. As the Orians retreated. It was an absolute defeat on the first day. Irane would laugh as he noted: “Honestly did you really think you could just run in without me having a plan. With Dima i can see it all and move people in pre-created tunnels all over the battlefield and my range of mana. My zone in a way. Dima extends it from Feet to Kilometres.” He had a view of the whole city and kilometres around it, the whole region was now his domain. The shields in truth were a lure. “I expected Droom to return to finish the job so I focus more on our offence instead of the defence. I just need to last for 3 months time then I will be able to clean this plague and hopefully start being more offensive. Once I tap into my will, well lets just say it won’t take much to turn this little tide of the war. We will start being able to make the offensive then, instead of being on the defensive. Hopefully Arai and them will have the 2 cores by then. We can only hope.” As Irane looked on at the 3rd canon, he could sense a lot of mana flowing from it, it was dangerous. And it needed to be delt with. 
Axola didn’t retreat, instead he forced Duki to prepare more those Shield Destroyers, they would attack and fire on the city and destroy the wall. As they made those preparations, Mira was busy interrogating the prisoners, the Alma marked by Zoe and Assa. They claimed that Zoe had trained them back on The Alma city in Orians. It was clearly true but that wasn’t really saying much, it wasn’t until Mira asked about their person lives in Pandora under Azen that it started to be clearer and clear as a pattern of being considered weak and useless was said by the majority of them. She realised that they were in a way rejects, all of them the whole squad. Axola didn’t question it as he didn’t care about their disappearance, he added they were all dead. Now they were separated into 2 groups, the 1st was sent to work, they were the more docile type, the kind who hid their heads and did what they were told, while the 2nd group were all sent to the prison cells. Many of the extra violent prisoners where executed right before both groups to show the results of disobedience and causing touble, the lien was drawn and they had to follow in. The prisons were in all right pure hell, crowded and unbearable. They barely got any food, Irane also asked Evelyn to employ some psychological torture to get them in line. Those who were allowed and forced to work, got food and treated based on how well they work was done. It was effective in making them useful. The assault continued with Axola focusing on attacking with the long range shield destroyers. Which would almost seem to pass right through and disappear, it was clear that the shield around the walls was built different from the Gate, they couldn’t just bust through. Over a month passed as Axola tried differently plans to bring teh city to fight. They thought that the fact Irane wasn’t fighting or present was due to his decreasing health, which wasn’t fully false. Tunde suggested they used the 3rd cannon and combine them with the other 2 and fire them all at a spacial break point that he and Tola would Creat. They would use their spacial abilities to counter the spacial abilities of the barrier and allow the blast to git the wall and fire right into the city, it will tear a hole right through and Destroy them. But they would only be able to create the whole for a brief moment. It was this that made them change their plan and focus their efforts on attcking the North wall again while still firing on the East and West Gates. The barrier held, but even it had limits as it needed alot of mana from the people and there was a limit to how much he could have as the people started to show signs of fatigue. It was clear that they needed to strike as Irane planned on attacking the main cannon and also killing Axola along side the majority of the other leaders. It was a darling move. One that he would take part in as he revealed that he had pre-set the barrier to hold even as he was gone. They noticed their plan and were ready to retaliate, as Irane prepared to create a bearer around all he could see, it would ensure that none of the Orians could escape. It was ready to deploy as Irane gave access to activating it to Audis before he left the city. 

As the day came to execute the plan, Irane called a cease fire with Axola, asking to speak face to face in a temple complex set nearby the Northern-West section by the hills out the city. Axola couldn’t pass on the opportunity. He would go with Tunde as Irane would be accompanied by Criya. Mira would move in with some soldiers and attack the cannon. It was Axola’s final move, he would kill Irane this day Irane resolved to ensure that the only true treat, the cannon would be disabled. As the left, Audis and Evelyn were left in charge of the defences. As they departed, Milla’s water broke… 


Irane and Criya met up with Axola and Tunde, All four came masked, as Irane removed his, while Criya removed his helmet. Tunde also removed his helmet while Axola kept his on as the four met to parlay. Irane broke he silence: “Axola Vane, honestly I was quite shocked to see you were leading this force, I was hoping to fight Droom again and get a rematch but I guess that isn’t in the cards… Why don’t you remove your mask and see me face to face?” The right side of Irane’s neck and his right cheek showed the grey marks of the Parah. He was looking more draconic again but he lacked the wings he had, he seemed leaner as Axola spoke up: “I was wondering if the rumours were true, you never came at me when we fought in the war 6 years ago…” Irane interrupted: “If my records and memories are correct me and you met a total of 12 times during that war, which is why I’m shocked you still want to fight... Well that doesn’t matter, let’s get to business. You seem to be dead set on my death, and in a way I can understand why but can’t you take your forcers and leave me and my Empire alone. I no longer serve the Primals as you probably know from your spies, so that means you know the agreement I have set up with Toma More, so begs the question, why do you still attack me and my people. What treat are we to you?” Axola laughed as he replied: “What treat are you to use, it doesn’t matter where you allegiances stand now, the facts stand that you are an enemy of the Orians and my father wants you dead!” Irane paused as he looked confused: “Ah, you mean the same father who sends his sons to fight the wars that he is to scared to fight on his own? Tell me, what did you father say when Arai caved your face in?” Axola mana flowed in rage as Tunde prepared to move as his face showed his rage as Irane continued: “Oh, I have captured a number of your people, they have told me a lot of what happened to you. So do tell is it the same father who simply left you in that arena dying that you are willing to kill so many of my people for? Is that truly the kind of man you wish too serve?” Axola paused for a moment as he spoke: “You know it doesn’t matter what he thought of me, I failed and lost to her and that is all there is to it. She beat me and that’s that. I will earn my father’s respect and love again when I bring your head to him! And telling by how the Parah has spread to your face now, and how you weren’t seen in the last month and a half. Your weak and I won’t allow you to leave here alive!” Irane looked back at Axola with a serious expression as he asked: “And pray tell, if you did take my life, would you spear the lives of my people in the city?” Axola laughed as he added: “Oh of course not, once you’re dead, we will capture them all and give them over to be of use to Vraka and Selis.” He said with a cold smile as Irane replied while sighing loudly: “is that so, well I guess there is no point in us talking any further!” As Irane turned his back to leave Axola laughed as Tunde set his hand on the ground: ‘Space-earth Art: Lockdown’ as a wave of light stretched all around them. The very earth seemed to hood them down in place as Tunde spoke: “You’re not going anywhere, I set the barrier up, you won’t be able to leave this space while I am on this space. You’re trapped here in this locatin and not even your own teleportation or spacial magic will allow you to escape.” Criya drew Winter and manifested Bearasile for combat as Irane remarked: “I see so as long as your alive or still have this spell active none of us can leave this space…” As he said that Axola summoned Olda and Duki to his side using the forbidden art which Nuro used. He didn’t care about the consequences as his arms changed color, but that ment nothing to him as he didn’t scream in agony. No he smiled under his mask as he brought them forth. As they appeared Olda and Duki declared how they would make Irane pay for their past humiliation as they began to take their Demon and  Angle forms, but as they were still the size of humans. As Irane noted how they had grown in the strength and ability at how they transformation seemed to be more complete now, nearly the same as Droom. He noted that their mana and strength was far greater then the last time he fought them, his data revealed as much as he took note of it all. Irane prepared for battle as he spoke to Criya: “Well Criya, it seems today might be the day we die…” Criya chcuked as he responded with a worried but direct tone:”It seems like it my Lord Irane, I’m grateful to die by your side.” Irane smiled as he said: “Don’t say stuff like that, it really doesn’t make the situation any better. Listen up, I will draw the attention of Axola, Duki and Olda, you focus on Tunde there, kill him if possible and then come and assist me. We need to ensure Mira and her forces have enough time to destroy that cannon.” Criya nodded as he prepared for battle, in a moment Olda and Duki seemed to be aiming at taking Criya out, only to be moved out and shifted to a different location in the place. Irane wasn’t able to teleport out of the area, but he was still able to use Dima’s abilities within the space to move around as he move Tunde and Criya to the the other edge of the barrier. He didn’t give an inch as he made his move. 

Meantime Mira was confronted by her father Tola and Tenza who were guarding the cannon. She with her elites where about to face of against them and the elites of the Orians as they started to clash, she noted how she needed to deal with quickly and go assist Irane. But Tola and Tenza weren’t focused on beating or killing her, no… They isolated her and made it a 2 vs 1 while her other warriors where pre-occupied by the warriors of Orains. They were making sure she was pre-occupied and kept her busy. Their objective was to keep her distracted long enough for Axola, Duki, Olda and Tunde to kill Irane, they simply needed to keep her busy. As they began to clash Tola screamed out to Mira: “Its about time I got ride of you… You’ve been a thorn in the families name for far to long.” Mira laughed as she responded: “Bring it old man, let’s see if you can put me down!” They clashed…

As we cut back we see that Duki and Olda were summoning pure Ferali and Celestial beings to attack Irane, they had that authority to after all, as they all moved to swarm Irane. Irane was forced to play defence. He dodge and moved around the ruins of the temple they were in. It was a labyrinth as they moved about trying to kill him. The fact that he was running made Axola excited as he noted: “He really is different from before. Six years ago during the war, whenever you showed up to fight, you decimated use. You held nothing back, and now here you are, even the way your moving and dodging shows it to, your weaker and you know it, this is it my chance to kill you and redeem myself!” He said as he started charging attacks: ‘Energy Art: Mana Mayhem’ As orbs of mana manifested and floated around Axola. He used his innate ability to control mana around him to move them and launch them at terrifying speed at Irane. Each explosion was devastating as Irane noted that one direct hit would be the end of him. The Ferali and Celestials also made it harder to move as they attacked both at range while others moved with close combat. Duki also fattacked using ruined ability to force Irane to move away. While Olda used his chains to restrict Irane’s path. The temple was battlefield of color and explosion as mana and energy flowed all over causing massive chaos. It was chaotic as can be as Axola finally found his opening and used his ability to also control the flow of all the mana and proejectiles to strike at Irane. 
[As his fighting we switch back to Milla who is no in labour screaming, we switch between Irane, Milla and Mira all suffering in a way]

He was being overwhelmed, as he used Duki’s ability to redirect the space and move around. He redirect some explosions as he moved about he killed the Ferali and Celestial who were close around. But it was endless as the move he cut down the, more came in to replace them and attack him. He was losing and he knew it. His habit of smiling while being pushed his limit acted. Axola noted the smile as the look of a man who has in all rights accepted that he was dead. He was bleeding as Axola unleashed Atomic Scream Irane was caught it the blast and shockwave, being forced back to the wall behind him as Axola combined all the mana being unleashed around to the move, making it al ot more devastating than the one he unleashed against Arai. Irane took major damage as he rested against the wall. He was badly injured and nearly out of options as he though about his last resort: “They really are going to kill me, Axola isn’t fight me alone like last time, no he really has changed, his actually working with his forces now and co-ordinating with them well. Not only that Duki and Olda are alot stronger too, their mana is more concentrated in their perfected Devil and Celestial forms.” He took a breath as he was being surrounded by Axola, Duki, Olda and the rest of their forces. Hundred of Fearli and Celestains were all around him. He was completely surrounded as he said to Dima: “We’ll I guess this is it hey Dima. When I die, you will return to Hope… tell her and the rest of them that I’m sorry. I’m going to take them all with me as we planned, we sill destroy all within this space.” He grasped his hands together in that moment as he thought of Summari and Nighla… They flashed in his mind as he hoped they would be okay, without him, but regardless her was ready. he would use a spell to compact all things within his space around him, all within his range would be pulled to him and compacted until a singularity would form a black hole, it would destroy them all, as well as him as he would use himself as the centre of the spell. He was ready as Axola looked down at him, he was confused as to why, even in this situation, even as he was about to die, why was he smiling, why was he still so happy? It felt like he was being mocked, the same smile he had every time Irane beat, and he still had the same smile as he was being beaten. It made no sense to him, non whatsoever. He resloved himself as he said to Irane: “I promise you, I will beat that smile of your face with my own hands.” Irane smiled even more, with bloody teeth fully bared: “Come on than!” he prepared himself: “Kazemi’s Art: Singularity… as he was about to start Audis’s voices roared through the land, his voice carried over from the city to all around them as Mira and Criya also passed at hearing it, even the Orians were shocked to hear it as Audis screamed out: 

“To all the people of Apexia, hear me, The child of Valariya has been born, I repeat, Urial Ferran has been born!” His voice echoed through the land. There was a pause by all the Orians as they were confused, they assumed that it was some phrase for some plan to start as Axola looked about. Tola and Tenza also seemed shock as they looked at Mira who started to laugh, he had never seen he smile like that as in a moment Emo appeared and manifested from Mira. Mira was still chuckling as Tola asked: “what does that mean Mira, what are you planing?” In that moment Emo spoke which a roaring rough voice in his base form: “It seems the time has finally come Mira…” Mira laughter turned into a deep smile: “So that’s how you sound like Emo, its finally nice to hear your voice, she said with a giggle.” Emo laughed as well, well it is good for you to finally speak to me, but aren’t you a little to happy?” As he said that a force of energy paused forth, White lighting seemed to stream forth from her as Emo began to change his form: “Well seeing as this is the first time, why don’t we mark the occasion by me showing you the depths of my power, the depths of Irane’s Emotions personified.” In that moment Mira began to laugh, it was joy, As Emo took his joy form, but it was different, it was far more intense as Mira Red-ish hair finally started to show a golden hue to it, her eyes started to turn golden to as Emo-Joy smiled: “Let us show them Irane’s unparalleled joy!” Mira screamed out: “Its a celebration father, Tenza… Let us all be joyful as a new life has, as Valariya’s one and only son has been born, Lets us celebrate, her mana change off as a force of electrify and energy, It was intense as Mira simply laughed. Constraint also wrapped tight around Mira’s body… Her mana was on a different level now, it was far more intesne than anything they had seen from her before, As Tola noted: “This is bad, her mana, its far greater than it has ever been, the only time she unleashed this level of power was when when she took his arm, but now it was even more powerful. Far more powerful. The area seemed to be breaking, lighting cracking in the air. And Mira had a smile now, a smile that was similar to Irane’s. 

As the words from Audis passed Axola noticed Irene’s smile fading, he was confused by what was going as he yelled at Irane, what is the meaning of this, who or what is Urial and Valariya?” His voice was raging now, as Irane didn’t reply. He seemed to be in his own world as Axola screamed out at him again. Irane simply didn’t reply. Irane was to preoccupied as he saw to his shock and confusion that his Will was being activated. A power that was set within Iris. One he didn’t fully grasp at this time. As in a moment a golden light seemed to appear as a Disk, with a golden orb in it centre appeared in Irane’s Left hand. He spoke now as though conversing with the object in his hands while Axola and the Orians looked at him with confusion as he seems to be talking to himself, they couldn’t hear Iris’s voice as they conversed. It make Irane seem crazy to them, as though he had finally lost it… 
Irane spoke to Iris with a calm sense of Joy, yet there was a trembling to his voice, a bit of fear as Axola thought for a moment: “Iris, it has been far to Long, its good to finally have you back with me again. T has been a rough couple of months without you.” Iris spoke with a gentle and calm voice: “It has been awhile, 7 months, 2 weeks, 5 days. It has been a while indeed, and it seems you damaged your form quite a bit and even managed to get a virus to… how careless of you Irane.” She said mockingly. Irane relied sharply: “I do apologise for that, I am in a tough situation as you can see, and honestly would appreciate it if we could handle the threat before us.” Iris pulsed as she entered Irane’s body. At this moment Axola ordered them to attack, to not allow him to regain any footing. He was confused as to what was happening but he wasn’t going to allow his chance to slip. Only in an instant to pushed back but a pulse wave of mana, then all who rushed Irane where moved to the other end of the ruins as Irane stood now alone near the wall. He smiled again, a tear flowed down his eye, while Iris spoke: “Irane’s Will set: Active, duration: Until threat has been eliminated. Full access to Forge set. Damage to body, critical: 89% damaged.” In that moment a golden glow shined from the centre of Irane’s chest, a sight that Olda and Duki remember well from their first encounter. On Irane’s chest Iris appeared. In a moment It rose up as hit started to transform, a golden ore in Waterloo form started to emit from Iris as she changed form. In a moment the shape of a spear was set. Olda looked at the spear in awe. It was a different class of a weapon as he looked at his tool… In a moment Axola ordered to move in as Olda stopped them: “I don’t think you understand, that tool isn’t normal… There’s something very wrong with that tool.” He looked confused and worried. 
{Note Iris in terms of a tool is an golden orb, a sphere weapon like Anchor or H.O.T which rests in a ring/disk form}

As they look confused at Olda, they all loooked at Irane with tears flowing down his face, he seemed to be examining the tool. It was a glories tool, with a very elaborate design engraved on it. Irane moved his hands over it softly and gently, as he spoke: “It feels like a dream come true, seeing you again… Its feels like the last time I saw you was in my dreams” He paused as he wiped the tears his face, he held the spear directly in right hand as it gleamed with aura. It was strange to see. Axola added: “Enough of this Olda, we need to attack now!” As he said Irane interrupted: “Ah, you can tell can’t you Olda? Even your other Celestial companions don’t seem to comprehend what exactly is in my hands.” Olda took a step back as Irane pointed the tip towards Axola: “There is a difference between the tools I make for others, like Priya’s Winter or Milla’s Net for example. They were made from my forge and used the cores of Criya and Milla as a base. They were made for them. This one though, well let’s just say there are only 20 of its kind that will ever exist. And I can only use it when I tap into my Will.” He looked at them while brandishing his spare. It was like he was shown It of. You all should understand, this tool, this weapon was made for the purpose of Killing a Primordial God! You all should be grateful, You all get the privilege of seeing it in action. The last time I used it was when I was fighting Enari. One of my 10 core principle, Kazemi’s Principle: Kazemi’s Domination!” In that moment the room felt dark and terrifying, as Dima also appeared behind him. Olda spoke: “I understand now, that Tool is the same class as Sova’s chains. It was made from a core, a pure core. We need to be careful Axola, Duki. We need to kill him ASAP.” As they all moved to attack him Irane simply griped on Domination. They all moved in to attack him as he simply said: “Lets go Domination” Irane eyes and hair glowed as the 5 strands of his hair for Aliya, Mira, Dokia, Pandro and Urial glowed as Irane screamed out activating his Will: “My Will is absolute!” As in a moment his mana exploded though out and it flowed. They all couldn’t imagine it as Domination glowed. A number of Ferali and Celestial moved in to attack, in a moment they all dissapeared as Irane’s mana exploded, it sent a shockwave through the ruin. Axola looked absolutely shocked as he asked himself how he could unleash that much mana. This is it, the same level of power he used to express in their fights, but it felt even more intense: “Isn’t he worried about the Parah spreading? As they moved out, Irane teleported right before Axola and with a swift motion trust Domination right before him. He was nearly able to dodge as a mthe whole wall and temple section behind them disappeared. Irane looked down and turned quickly as Axola moved away, they all leapt back away from Irane. IN a moment Axola realised he was bleeding as Irane said to Domination: “So how is Domination, it really is different from what your used to cutting isn’t it. Be proud Axola As your the first mortal’s blood that Domination has tasted… Well sorry for that first attack, it had far to much power in it, Enari was alot more powerful, I had no choice but to always give it everything when attacking him, even a simple thrust has too much force, I’ll take that into consideration.” In moment Duki laughed as snarled: “How dare you. You really think you can beat use, your wounds aren’t healing and the more you unlash you mana the more the Parah will spread, your a dead mana walking…” Irane looked at him, he seemed confused for a moment, then he turned his eyes to Olda. In a moment he asked them: “Tell me something both of you, what is your relationship to Hope and Zoe?” He asked as he noted that he kept feeling this strange sensation from my heart and body. His heart felt nothing but rage and hatred for when he looked and felt Olda’s mana, and his body sent the instinct of murderous intent when he looked at Duki. This sensation was strange in this moment (Note how Irane’s main core applifies emotions and feelings within him. So as he has Hope and Zoe’s cores the rage and hatred they feel towards them is leaking through to him, making him experience it himself. And it was amplified by his core.) In that moment all he felt was pure hatred for them but he wasn’t sure why as he waited for their reply. They both said: “As if that’s any of your business!” Axola also raged as ordered them prepare the second plan. They all seemed to rush out as the Ferali and Celestas moved to surround him. 
In a moment he active his commutations to Mira through their link to his core as she in shock asked what he wanted? He asked her the same question: “Tell me Mira, and I know your busy but it very important seeing my emotions are linked to you… Who are Olda and Duki to Hope and Zoe?” Mira was confused for a moment as she moved and dodged Tenza’s and Tola’s attack as she spoke: “They are the men responsible for taking the lives their mothers, and ruining their lives.” IN that moment Irane paused as he asked: “Ah, I see… So tell me, if I killed them do you think that would make them happy?” Mira was puzzled as she smiled in that moment: “I can promise you one thing, if you presented their heads to them, they would definitely be happy.” Irane thanked her as he moved back to his situation. In a moment he manifested Dima and his mana started to charge up as he looked at Axola and pointed his Domination’s tip at him: “You’ll do, you’ll be the one to deliver their heads to them!” 

Dima roared out as Irane’s mana started to overflow, it was just his mana made physical as the mana poured into Dima, her scales were now shining as they glowed with a variety of colour. IN a moment he roared out a command and though Dima connected to the speakers in Paradise as he ordered, to everyone in Paradise, Mira’s group and Criya heard him speak: “Obey my will people, hear your Emperoers decree, lets us celebrate the birth of Valariya’s one and only child, let us welcome into this world with a celebration. Listen to me well, end them all, every Orian Assaulting us now, end them all. Let only Axola remain, fire the cannons and scream out. Let us welcome Urial into this world by playing the music of the cannons and the torrents. Let us rain death on all Orians, let them all die on this day, the day Urial is born.” Criya froze in shock at the command, it was strange to him, as he pushed back on Tunde doing his best to end him, while Mira was entering her main form(Penumbra: The name for a being who wields both a hybrid Tool/Beast becoming one with their Tool/Beast). Now in the case of Mira we need to note that she has a Tool/Beast from Irane’s will core. She wields his Core Emotions, as well as the Blade attacked, as now they merged into one. Mira smiled in ecstatic joy as her eyes glowed with a dark Gold as sparks of energy pulsed from them. Emo’s voice entered the Blade Constraint, as he spoke to Mira: “Understand that this blade was never build to restrain emotions, no it was created to channel emotions and use them as a power. And the power of his emotions is not within us Mira, but your core. Your core now is not yours, it is Kazemi’s and it carries Irane’s Emotions. Now understand as you feel it all, the true pits of Irane’s Will unleashed… feel the true depths of his Emotions!” She screamed out as her body pulsed, This was the first time she truly understood why Irane called this a curse…with using Irane’s will. She taps directly to it core emotions undiluted. The outcomes and power with her were immense. She stared to laugh and she felt the absolute depths of his Joy, as her body felt the rise and surge of White-Lighting streaming through, her mana became that of what Lighting, as he skin started to change into a Golden wolf form of Emo-Joy, while Constraint merged with her, truing very flesh and mana into pure While-Lighting. It was a new and terrifying sight for Tola, Tenza looked on in pure fear. As she roared out: ‘Kazemi’s Will: All Encompassing Joy!’ She was a sight to behold with fangs and fure on end with wold features. She had a tail, and her claws were almost like daggers, chains were wrapped all around her in a golden pattern light, making her have A golden Aura around her Lighting-White Hair. She seemed like an Angle and a Demon, but greater and more divine. Teanza said it softly with terror: Penumbra… Tola know it well, it was mythical divine monster of old legends on Orian’s. A being who has an Angelic and Demonic in one. .It was a myth as it was a story created to scare children into behaving, a terror story in Orain’s. But now they saw a her taking that form, it was the only word that made sense to describe Mira in this form.

In a moment Alam and Spirit reinforcements came, as they rushed her. In a moment streaks of Lighting struck them, turning them to Ash. It was terrifying as all who looked paused. Mira laughed and chucked, It howled louder and lowered as she laughed. She paused for a moment as she smiled, the order from Irane came to keep only Axola alive as she looked at Tola and laughed in pure joy, while lighting streaked from her: “It seems this is truly Goodbye. Tenza too, how sad, I’m sure Arai wanted to kill you, but don’t worry, I make sure your heads are intact, so they can looked good going back!” She said as moved at unmatched speed towards them… 

Irane looked around him, as the Ferali and Celestials attacked him, In a moment Irane Thrust Domination into the ground as Dima flowed the stick downwards, in a moment a wave of mana pushed all the within the ruin to the hit the ground, as they felt his mana’s pressing down on them, no its the very space where Dima extended to, thriugh his range all within felt a massive mass pressing down on them. It was intense as the ground beneath cracked under the pressure, then in a moment spears of of Earth simply Pierced though the Earth in a wave impaling all who were nearest to Irane. They all died in a moment as Irane pulled Domination(D!{just to shorten it}) from the ground as the Earth Spears also moved of the earth with it, as he pointed D! Towards those who were further away, he launched them at breakneck speed as they all seemed to move in co-ordinated fashion, as they were all killed in a barrage of Earth. Axola could only watch in horror as a they all died before him. In a moment Olda tried to wrap his chains around him as Irane’s mana seemed to come to life and block them. It was though it was alive. As then Dima appeared and with a roar destroyed the chains. In a moment Irane switched D! From his left hand to his right and trust it towards Olda, as the mana around moved and pierced Olda in the shoulder. Irane was meters away from reaching him, then in a moment he moved D! his left hand and trust into the earth again And a Lighting appeared and struck him from the ground, piercing his thigh and making him scream out in pain.
As the echoes of Olda’s cries died out, Irane started to laugh, it was quiet but he was laughing indeed: “Ah, music to my Heart!” As he laughed and looked at Olda with smile on his face, he was laughing more and more now, as he looked down on him: “Olda Apolo, tell me how do you want to die?” In that moment Duki launched a Pulse orb of Ruin at Irane. Irane didn’t turn back, as he moved D! To his right hand. In a moment it stopped midair, and move to hit Olda, as it hit his left side. In a moment Dima was behind Duki as she unsheathed a roar of mana that forced Duki to the ground.” Irane never averted this gaze form Olda, as he looked at him riving in agony on the ground as his right arm was decaying. In at the same moment. 

It was intense as Irane laughed and smiled at his pain. There were many Ferali and Celestials who were present still watching, Irane laughed more and more, as Olda suffered. Even Axola looked on in fear. He was unaware what to do. But he cold accepted the reality of it. Irane laughed as he spoke: “Are you getting all of Axola?” At that moment Axola’s eye’s widened as Irane walked towards Olda, screaming on the ground: “I want you to get a good look at what I do to them, after all you need to report all the juicy details back after all!, Your the only one who will leave this land alive, so get a good look at it all.” In moment he slashed Olda’s arm Left arm of, and trust D! Into his leg, making him scream. Duki ran in attempting to slash Irane’s faces a he just one held D! with his right hand, and mana moved to block all his strikes. The very mana around him moved to his will as in a moment Dima appeared and launched a Mana pulse at Duki which moved him towards Irane, as he trust D! Not his Abdomen with his left hand, in a moment Duki froze unable to move as Irane spoke to him with a large smile on his face, a smile from Duki’s suffering: 
“Have you figure it out yet, you can’t move because I ordered you not to. D! Isn’t some elemental tool, it doesn’t simply relay of mana and base principle, It is a Tool built to Dominate me! Or better to say this body. I can’t choose the mana core I have at any time, I am more a reactive person you see. My body evolves and produces mana to counter my opponents mana. Each and every one of my cores as the 15 pillars core mana, but they only emit a specific mana from them at a time, so like if you came at me with your Life/Death-wind; harmony-light core my body will now create or Amit a counter to your mana with a core of Chaos-Darkness” Like Fire-Life/Death; Chaos-Darkness. It is your cores nature that my evolution is aimed at to, so it becomes a problem when facing multiple opponents. But with D! I can overcome that. I can Dominate my body to body to release the mana type I desire, in a way I knwo have full control over all my mana in my body, can control it as though one commands mana externally.
When D! Is in my right hand, I can control all my mana completely. But now in my right hand, I have command of all the mana in my range, all the mana in my space is mine to dominate after all, But of course I can’t dominate and manipulate the mana in your body… Well in-less you come into contact with D!. Do you get it, your mana within your body is mine to to do with as I wish, and as Dima is expended my range I have so much more control and range with my mana. For example:” in a moment Duki screamed out as Irane forced his mana out and consume Olda around it. Olda screamed out in agony as he tried to protect himself with his chains by they were not enough as part of leg was hit, decaying and making him scream out in pain. Duki was also in pain as D! was piercing a deeply, burning him, it was as though the mana in his body obeyed the foreign object in it, instead of his core. The more he tried to resist. The more he screamed out. Irane laughed as it moved back, pulling D! Out and in one move, cut Duki’s right leg with a stream of flaming blue-green flames. He screamed out in agony and pain. As Irane stated: ’Told ya, Life/Death Fire, made just to burn you and counter your mana” and then he moved back as Olda was teleported by Dima to be right in front of Duki as she appeared behind Irane and change through and merged her form and energy with Irane’s trust as he broke right through Olda’s chances and pierced both in an instant. As then they both screamed as Irane took control over them, then in a moment his mana pulsed through all around as Olda and Duki’s mana rushed all over. Dima spread into the whole space destroying the budding all around. Killing nearly all present, The Temple disappeared in a moment. As Axola moved from the rubble. It was intense as Irane simply laughed. In a moment Irane asked Criya what was taking so long! As Tunde looked and saw the rubble, he understood that it was over. As Criya moved its and Atacked with an ice aura around, getting close, freezing and shattering Tunde right Foot, as Criya replied: “Apologies, please give me a moment, and he will be dead. Tunde screaming, accepted it was over, as he dispelled the spell, and teleported to his father’s, location. Irane noticed it was gone as He smiled deeply, he then ordered Criya to return to Paradise and lead the main force in destroying the forces, he also informed him to ensure none survived. Criya bowed down, but he was worried, that smile Irane had on his face and his tone concerned him as he accepted. IN that moment he tried to get a hold of Mira, as all he heard on the line was he astatic laughter which terrified him, she had never heard Mira laughing like that. 

We see Mira pumping Tola face, as he used is Spacial ability to teleport around the field, Mira was were ever he pop out, there to stick him, punch after punch, teleportation, after teleportation, no matter where he teleprtated to she was there beating him, endlessly and it was terrifying, it was a horrow for them, but worse even for all the soldieries around them as wherever Tola appeared, Mira would strike there with so much power that she would destroy all who were as she moved around. She was a like a living white-thunder bolt. Flashing and destroying all before as thousands of Orians’s last sights were of Mira’s smiling face. Tola finally stopped as Tunde showed up only to see Tola pinned against a mountain side being relentlessly being punshed by Mira. Each push sent a large pause of Lighting as Tunde moved his father to his side, then in a second as he was about to run, Mira appeared before him in an instant. And he got hit in the abdomen sending him flying back, he tunnelled over to where Tenza was as recoiled and throw up blood from Mira’s blow, he felt the shock from his electricity, He was barely able to move as he looked at Tenza who was unconscious in a massive crater. It was clear he was hit hard by Mira, as he heard her laughter from behind him: “You know it did take a few tries but I was able to take him out, he really is weak, he doesn’t even merge with his tool, just uses it like a monkey with a bow.” She laughed, Tunde was frozen in fear at what he was looking at, it was ferrying as she bared her fangs in a wide smile: “Ah, it was so much fun beating the hell out of our father, I can’t wait to feel your bone’s breaking under my fists, I wonder if it will crack the same way’s as Dads did!” Tunde was horrified and unable to move. She was so different, but her mana was far to intense, in a he accepted that this was a lost cause. As he richer for the crystal on his neck, one that held a teleportation system in it that would move the use to a preset location at the cost of all their mana. As he reached and was able to break it, Mira’s grinning face was infront of him, as she ripped his arm of in a instant, then a moment laster what seemed like a light emerging from Tenza broke the crystal and moved them all away. In a moment Mira was staring at the ground where those 3 were. She laughed as said: “I underestimated Arai’s big brother, he set that up seeing this as a possibility. Those Nexal’s are dangerous indeed. Well to bad, I was hoping to show finally be done, with my father but I guess I’ll just kill him next time.” She said with a. Smile, as she looked around at the remeaning Orian’s she smiled and started laughing: “We’ll I had better go and deal with all the other that remain…” As she said that, Irane seemed to appear there were she was, With Axola lying in agony at Irane’s feet. He looked. Duki and Olda’s were next to him Impaled to the ground, They were alive and crying out in pain, as Irane made Axola old on to Olda and Duki’s heads with his hand, They were a sad sight right under the weight of Irane’s Mana. He then in a moment Cut of the heads of Olda and Duki! As Irane dragged him by the head and throw his coughing body towards Mira as he asked what happed she replied with joy and happiness on how they escaped, Irane laughed as noted that it would have been better if they left with Axola atleast: “I can’t believe they would just leave their leader like that, well whatever, Axola, take a good look at what we shall do to your forces!” They placed in on the the cliff side allowing his to see the carnage that was about to befall his warriors. They made sure he saw it all. As Irane with Mira turned them all to ash and dust, Millions died as they moved in, Irane used D! To control Mira, making her slam into the ground through Dima’s teleportation, making her a living thunder bolt stricking the sound over and over creating massive shockwaves or Mana as Irane redirected them back to kill more Orians. Soo he saw Paradise fireing their canons and pulses of mana bullets, each move though the air at terrifying speeds as Irane Expended is space and used Dima to redirect the each pullet and cannon to hit a Orians, It was a horrible special as Axola engraved into his sights, he couldn’t close his eyes, Irane made sure of it, as his hands where forces to grip onto the heads of Olda and Duki. 

He looked on at with horror and tears flowing down his eyes, as they turned to tears of blood. All he could see and hear where the explosions and the thundering laughter of Mira as she crashed into the Ground, but at the very centre of it he Saw Irane simply laughing at the carnage, he was the very heart of the storm and all around him, his forces where torn apart. IN that moment all he could feel was absolute fear and terror, as tough looking at a natural deaster, no he was a Monster, as he thought of all he just did and the power he was unleashing, as Irane’s core of influence effected him, making the horror and fear far more amplified: “His a monster, no, he is death, he is a God, a monstrous Being, we never had a chance to beat him, no we can’t beat him, we never will be able to. He’s a monster, a monster!” He said over and over as he looked on at the hellscape. Irane had made. Ashined bodies all over the place, It was an hour of hell as Irane walked up to Axola with Mira. In that moment Mira designated Irane’s Will as she fell down in exhaustion, Irane grabbed her before she hit the ground and placed her on his back. He looked on at Axola as he stabbed him with D!, making him freeze in horror as Irane looked his right at his eyes, no it was now his core was looking at as he used Domination to engrave it onto his very core: “Make sure you tell them everything you saw, exactly as you saw it, and don’t you dare leave a single detail out!” He said with absolute Axola looked on in pure fear and horror as Irane left and returned to Paradise. 

As they returned back to Paradise, he assessed the damaged he had In truth he was forcing himself to move through sheer will and Domination. He held D! in his right as he walked into the gates. The city was in celebration as they all screamed out in victory. It was a moment of pure joy. As Irane returned he when to the Hospital in the palace where he left Mira. He went immediately to check on Milla and Urial as he made sue they okay, he was fine and so was she but she was resting now, in a moment some of the children guardians entered was they stated there was an issue. They went to check on the nursery where all the babies where kept in case of an attack, within the Palace, there they arrived to all the individualise and children passed out. Irane looked around as he assessed what occured, they were all okey but asleep, all except Summari, Nighla and Dokia. Even Junior was out cold. He assessed as he realised that this was his Death Force mana within his Death core. He quickly checked on Summari and Nighla’s cores to get the info he needed as he did he found out that Dokia accessed Kazemi’s Will and even manifested in her hybrid merged form. Thankfully Summari and Nighla were able to in a way restrain her as they draw her mana to them. Irane was shocked and took a deep breath, thanking the babies for simply being around, as if they weren’t there, everyone in that room would be dead. Irane then in worry thought about it for a moment, he was to preoccupied with the fight to realise but he used Irane’s Will, his will so why did Dokia react, it made non sense to him, as he finally realised that all his Will core’s were forced into an active state. Meaning Pandro, Aliya, and Dokia had Irane’s Will set - activated right at the time Irane was fighting as Irane sent word to get back intel from Pandro. 
Some time passed as what they recieved back was intel that he had in that moment killed nearly every single Celestial and Spirit in Tulla and forced them retreat as reported by Jade who was with Pandro’s group. He stated that about a few minutes ago he transformed into some mana beast with symbols and marking all over his body, he was speaking some strange language that he didn’t understand as he started screaming out. 

At the time Irane active his will. Pandro, Jade and the forces he was with were engaged on trying to get a building cleared. They were using gorilla sytle tactics with his and run to kill as many Celestails and Spirit as they could. The Spirits and Celestials were using the city to try and understand ancient technology to, they only arrived her 20 years ago and have been focused on gather all they could. The city was the most intact when it came to the Primordials tech, as they were in the city, Pandro’s will activated as the command from Irane entered his core. For him, Mira, Aliya and Dokia they got his main command to active the will and kill all the Orian’s besides Axola, as so Pandro did, for him it was a command and he feel into it, but he maintained himself as he remember his true mission to preserve the city. 
In that moment Pandro heard Mono’s voice, as she spoke with words that felt like spells, each of the letters that fell on his ear had purpose, He very voice command mana his core charged up and the Mono Merged with him, at the moment his psychical form changed as mana radiated from his very skin. In a moment there were 15 Markings all over his body, 2 on his face,his arms, and legs totalling to 12, then 3 on his back. They all represented the 15 different arts as his Grimoire started to merge with his, it’s pages entered him, as he started to see the formulation and ideas and designs of nearly all of Irane’s spells. In that moment he was in an infinite library in his very being no he was as though he was walking in the library of Irane which was his core. It was such a strange sensation, The library had What seemed like an infinite number of books. As he noticed each book was based on a spell, a single spell. As the 15 shelves aligned as he saw 15 different files of books based on each individual element from Fire all the way to Life/Death. Then he laughed at the insanity of it, of every single spell that Irane knew, and the how he book spells down to fundamentally. He was looking down below all this time. The he looks up as Mono called to him he was shocked as he noticed it again now the different spells that had spell combination, not just pure fire, nbut fire+water, fire+water+air… as he noticed. It was innumerable and infinite, a section on nearly every possible spell combination and art Irane used against Enari, it was all there in its glory. In its sealed stated Grimoir and Mono are tied, while Grimoir give Pandro the ability to instantly cast any spell that Irane knows, the book is limited by Mono who represents the element he is allowed to use, being his restriction. IN th sealed stated she takes of the 15 pillars elements only, such as fire, water ect. And limiting Pandro to one element and spell type. But the he uses Irane’s Will. He gains access to the very primordial being of his magic which is mono, just as Emo is the embodiment of his emotions, mono is his embodiment of his magic. The combination and creativity. 

Mono is Irane Kazemi’s Creativity and Insanity! Irane made Emo from his emotions as a beast to channel them, while Mono in this case was a being created from His desperation for understanding magic, he turned his curiosity and also the insanity he was going through from the experience of the trail, he weaponised it as Mono. Irane created so many spells from the base 15, he first understood them, understood mana to its core, and then he learned how to manipulate it, as the  understanding of mana at its base, he tapped into the essence of mana. Mono is what we can call a replicate of Mana. But personified as magic. She was born from Irane’s Creativity that he developed while fighting Enari. With all the spells. Used to create spells. Mono possessed the Insanity and Creativity to merge and use the different elements from their base, able to take the base spells within the Library of Grimoir and combining them to create the infinite circuitry his Spells. The only way one could even begin to understand this was to be insane, to transcend the sanity of reality, and embrace the insanity of it all, that is what the trail formed from the infinite battle, set by Iris. Now Mono was Irane’s Insanity and Creativity, While Grimoir is all the spells Irane know’s at the baseline. And in the hands of Pandro now who in all rights adores magic, and also is a person fully devout to Irane, in this moment he felt himself the Center of Irane’s base. As he used it Irane’s Will: “Kazemi’s Nexus!” In this moment Mono represents the marks on Pandro’s body as indicators wo which mana types he can use and combine, and he uses that and formulates a spell, and this isn’t just any kind of Spells he becomes the spell itself, as he becomes the very start and end of a spell that will continually change and alter until its fulfils its purpose. And As time goes on he willl gain access to more and amore spells, so he starts of with lets say fire, after a moniute, he now had ice, and can use Ice+Fire spells. But the start elements becomes the base and centre at which the spell is build. At this moment he Mono started out and Energy and he gained more and more, as he became what could only be desctribed as a Living spell. Made manafest. His body, was made os brown like clot mirroring paper of a good, engraved all over him was what seemed like tattoos, in a intricate patterer that burned and added to the mystic of a human form. He was like living mana. As he Unleashed his mana over the city, after some time he started performing a spell, as he spoke, his mana seemed to become alive and it moved in different patterns his mana then started to consume, the Celestials. Making them melts into the mana, as they all screamed out in agony, all while they were being added to the spell as fuel, their very mana’s was drained and being sythend. This wasterrifying as the Spirits ran infer, Pandro made sure that the city and its technology was destroyed. But he didn’t stop, he absorbed and killed every Celestial and Spirit, they all All died as he moved on as a force of nature, a Living Spell ever changeling and never stopping until its objective is complete. That is what Irane developed in the Trail for his Magic, and Pandro was now that as he lost himself in the madness induced by it while chanting. He laughed, his laughter terrifying, he was laughing due to Irane’s Joy. As Mira took The For Of Emo-Joy as Irane was happy. Pandro was affected by his emotions and his state. Also Aliya… This was set as the heard the laughter and joy of the spell as he killed them, Even Jade describe it as horrifying to witness.” He did as he said he Passed out about 45 minutes later. But there was no blood, the city is clean, your won’t even find a body. As he ensured the city was fully inteact and unaffected by the spell or the fighting it was amazing. 

This simply added to confusion, as Irane noted about Aliya… What did she do. As Irane realised that his will was active and affecting All of them for 45-minues!



Part 7.4: Penumbra!

As we cut to the Orian’s Kind Niro Who has just recieved news  as he is told about the massacre of their people in the South Region the Ascen state, the third largest Ascen state and city - Acana was there standing. It was far south of the world, it was a distance away. As they reported that in the a sudden attack Million upon millions of were killed, and a wave army of destruction came over us, and marched and attacked the city and villages in the surrounding. There Casualties all over as many of the weapons ask supplies there was destroyed. The report made Arai worry deeply as Aliya was also there. She was there under the name and service of her Lady Arai, head of the military arm. Gather and helping there. She was also there gather information and keep an eye on things as many rebilious and problematic elements have been forming for Arai there. She wanted to have her there on the ground to deal with anything in the city. She was worried that she was dead, as she got a communication from hope, it was a private one set on the base Irane set for them to communicate privately. As Hope asked Arai where Aliya was, As Arai explained to Hope that she was as she expained to her that Enari told her that Irane activated Irane’s Will and that Aliya should not at all cost directly activate the 6th spirit at this time. 

[Now for context] Aliya is one of Irane’s most powerful cores. She is the Spirit Key. She bares his soul, what he is at his core. A Tool. A non-stoping machine who when given a task would not stop. Now Soul is a special special being. As is Aliya. Due to how her core works, Aliya is in able to become a ghost or spirit. Now Soul which is her beast from Irane and attachment to Kazemi is a being who can in all rights become the spirit of any of the core’s Irane has. In its sealed state she is the form of Valariya in a different form. She got that form when Irane told her she could speak with her sister all she wanted, but she is truly dead. Irane gave her Souls as an admitting to his spirits. So she is the form of Valariya as the primary but she looked older now, and more mature, while having a more evolved personality. She is as Aliya would imagine her sister to have been if she was more like her in a way. The spirit of her sister in its base form. Which is anchored to her core. Which is where her tool is set. Now because Aliya’s is in a way always connected with her Tool/Beast hybrid in its merged form which is: “Soul’s-Anchor” 
[As we know Aliya In her base form is basically Anchor allows Aliya to have a connection to his souls personalities. Irane took extra care with her to teach her how to use Soul after giving him his Actual Soul Core. Now in her sealed state Anchor allows Aliya to also directly connect and be ‘possessed’ by the spirit of one of the main Spirit cores, she normally can be possessed and learn their abilities. She normally use the base ability of is, which allows her to have access to 6 base cores from Irane’s cores. It allows her to have access to limited set of 5 spirits she can access at any time for combat. 
If she wanted to talk to Valairy she needed to enter her core, which left her in a meditative state as she speaks to her sister. Now When she activates the power of Souls, in her active state she hets the boost from the access the spirits Logos, Thumo’s or Eros in battle. Now she was able to access these spirits and use their abilities at a limit after training with Irane at the island. But she was forbidden from channeling and being possessed by spirits of Phantasia, Neosis, and Orexis, esspeically Orexis as at the present moment it imbedded The truest essences of what Irane is at his core. The full manifestation of him as his core! The core being of him at his core. A tool that shall never relents or stops. 

Now Aliya at this times in her meditative state as she was speaking with her sister. She normally did so to just see her, she knew it was dangerous to do it so much, and even Irane warned her that she shouldn’t do it so much. It is a dangerous  and bad for her to do it to much. He set a limit of once every 4 months, now this was one of those time’s for her. It was the morning that afternoon as she had finished her duties, she spoke to Valariya as she asked her about the Orexis Spirit and why it so dangerous, now this is ‘simply soul’s playing as Valariya. He normal stat is a ghost like spirit with no real form except for the soul is chooses that day.] Now during this whole conversation Valariya keeps telling her that she doesn’t even now, as the conversation added she thanked Soul for taking her form as usual as Soul now spoke to her. It was the first time as she normally just play the form that needed to play. Now she seemed sentient in the tone as  as ghostly girl’s voice, soft and haunting as she spoke: “You wanted to know of Orexis, well let me show you what it is like” It was Iris speaking through her as she activated Irane’s Will in Aliya, she was shocked as in a moment she opened her eyes as she pauses, she places her hand on her chest in a panic. Than after a moment as though she truly was possessed she paused…

She was now almost like a machine, as she fully merged with Souls now, it was though Aliya had taken the form of a Ghost in the full sense, as he pulling was golden as we’ll as her eyes. A gold of Irane as it indicated the Will. Then in a moment she took a breath as she felt the spirit moving though her mind. It was intense as she screamed in her mind from what she seeing, all it was that at which is Irane’s Spirit, the tool of the Emperor, this was what made Aliya so dangerous as she was fully possessed. As she thought of all she needed to do to complete the order in the same way Irane the Tool would in her shoes. That is what she was now, as she pulled out 2 cores from her own center as she said: “Irane’s Will: Orexis” As she took a breath and 2 orbs floated around her: “Valariya Hallow and Nevir Revyn… Understood!” 
She heard the voice of Irane’s core in her mind, she was conscious yet she was lucid. When she’s possessed she gains that spirits ideal and moves set in a way, she can channel their abilities to a limited set, but the active state now was on a different level, all she heard was the words of Irane encouraging her, his spirit in her ear pushing her one, she explained the abilities of Valariya and Nevir so Aliya, as she started tome as Irane does, she was hearing it all as she was fully set, she was vive yet in the move and bacon of the spirits will, as she began. It was her ideas she gave to the spirit as Orexis, asked her push further. With access to Anchor, she was connected to all the cores that died and were give to Irane in a way, the clones of those cores, so far there was just 2, a copy of Nevir and Valariya’s cores and souls, now under the full control of Aliya, 
She set and prepared as she completed the planing phase, she was now thing as Irane would to accomplish a tasks With her mind, body and heart feeling intense as she felt like irane. She bagan as Irane would in his process: 

Objective: Kill all the Orian’s until Axola is the only one who remains. This was all she heard she was not set with the Will fully active she used her ability to make Valariya and Nevir obey and use their powers, she said in her mind: Don’t give up - Gather all the mana and resources we have; put your very core into it - pull all their power and use it; Execute Objective. 
Start… - End.  
She started to channel her own ability as she made activate the spirits of Vala and Nevir: Valariya used the seep of Yggdrasil to make her reform it, but she made it intangible and invisible with her own ability, Then made it large it enough to cover the town she was in, note: she was at one the villages near the Acana on that day, as she began as move. IN a moment the tree fully appeared and in a sudden shock every single Orian’s there were killed, the children, the adults and the elderly. All empaled on the root network created by Valariya as she set it out: Valariya: Yggdrasil Ability activate: Life/Death-Nature ability: Core harvest, Aliay said, we first need more mana, as she had valariya kill and absorb all the Cores of the people into the Tree, it was a new function as Irane updated the tool to keep Valariya alive for an extra few months. Now it was able to kill and absorb cores to Irane. 
Nevir: He used his core innate ability: Personal Kill Restoration. In that moment All the bodies empaled were reigned to life by His life death art, but she did alot more then that, she also made sure that the bodies had special seeds from the tree implated within each. Valariya had never once used her tool offensively as we see here why.. 

Aliya combined and used the ability of Yggdrasil to provide an energy that counters the burning of life force, she had created an army of the dead, but they were on a different level, as their bodies didn’t just burn away, it became a power source as all these being were now able to sustain their bodies, as Aliya used the same improvement to Nevir’s art as Irane did, not just burning the energy but making it a true source of power, their death force was set to Yddgralis as it resealed the life sustains mana within the bodied. Making them immensely powerful(Note, what occurs when a being uses life force instead of Mana to cast spells) They were immensely powerful Zombies as Aliya smiled at the outcome of this, The spirit of Orexis laughed and praised her for that she had done as Aliya thought more on the mission as she sent a majority of the people to the surrounding villages, while she took a smaller but more power group of Orians, she alleged as she stated: “Kazemi’s Art: Zombie Apocalypse - March of the Undead” These zombies moved with what seemed like extension of tree weapons of Yggdrasil as weapons, some had spears, other made swords, but as they moved and killed with them the ones killed would have their cores taken and made into undead with having the seeds added. They were as plagued, and they didn’t did. When one was damaaged they only died if the new seed from Yddgrasil was destroyed, but if it was they would unleash a explosion form life force, it was desvasdting for them to die, as they matched the unleashed power of Axola’s Atomic move set, but some had an even greater effect, and the range was far ot wide as cities where devastated. It was hell indeed as Aliya marched forward as a Blue Spirit form, she looked like a Ghost, a great spirit. As she moved the hord, She moved and killed all in her path, many time. Had left the initial tree Yggdrasil made back in the village as she carried it as a staff, now, with Nevir core activing as the point on the tree side, It was clearly the sources of the mana as Aliya wielded it, she moved in on Acana with those few she had. No it needs to be noted that the initial way she moved was insane : 

Aliya didn’t directly attack Acan, no she sent many mothers and children into the city as port of refuges, I while ago as the attacks and reports on the villages came in, it was hell on heart, as when they were about to attack Aliya many key points in the defence as well as the main city gate and also the location was destroyed. 
Aliya set it up: Zombie Apocalypse - Cursed Birth Through Death’ As those few who entered detonated as projectiles of wood hit many people in the crowded streets, Some though moved and destroyed themself in explosion of self suicide destroying the and spreading a life death fire, birth all living being to death,  making them also turn to undead flame zombies, it was a horror side, of burning people and undead horrors who had tree branches potruding from their bodies, moving unrestricted and unedlingly, they were fast, strong and any attack that destroy their cores, did nothing but heal and keep attacking, as in a moment Aliya entered the city, and planted the staff she carried, make Yggdrasil appear once again and spread its roots, the army tried all they could as they borough up what was occurring, in horrifying moment they heard the reports, as the leaders heard of the attack on Acana and the south region of the world, Many small villages and towns were destroyed and consumed. Reports were over flowing with them describing what could only be hell. It was after the reported started to come by Niro as he called a meeting, with all the leaders, they discussed what was going on as they looked at the repot from Acana as they described a sprit, a vengeful woman bring the dead to life and sending them through the land. Many called this woman Tisiphone(inspired by greek)  as she had the golden color on her hair and eyes, as the same one Droom had described of Irane. It was a horror come true as many looked on at Aliya in her Merged form as all they could do was cower, she killed every being in her path. Man, woman and children. All died, as she smiled, she smiled deeply and intensely. This was a horror story come true for them all. Many believed she had come to get revenge for the suffering of the woman in the land, the myth come to life, she who shall come and make all who made woman suffer, suffer and die. But it was far more then that as they immediately suspected that Irane was involved due to the associated colour. They were in a panic as the death toll came int as million upon billion of Ascen were being reported dead. The city was being completely and absolute devastated in all rights, Aliya made sure to direct zombies in planned packs, and a wave and co-ordinated team, and she laughed with the same laugh Irane unleashed, the laugh that made all feel fear, it was a laugh of pure joy and ecstasy from Aliya, (Same For Pandro, Dokia and Mira) It was a pure joy. They all felt it once the effects of Irane. Here and now though Aliya was doing all she could to follow the will of Orexis as it paused her to kill more and fulfil her purpose as the ultimate Tool. Aliya pushed forward by the core spirit that makes Irane unstoppable, and unending, the Soul of a being who would never stop and will never be satisfied until all are dead. Asliya wanted them all to die, she wanted to spread death, And so she smiled. She Through her connection to death cores, she was able to make Dokia ‘kill herself’ and bring her core to her side. {This is one of the most devastating moves Aliya can use. As Dokia is the death of Irane} 
Now DOkia was in the nursery when her ability, her will was activated, but Summari and Nighla channelled it out, but the effect was that everyone who came close lost consciousness. Now within the room were knocked out and no one could enter. In that time Aliya was able to connect to Dokia, requesting her core, as Dokia ;killed herself’ and her core came into Aliya’s hand, but it was just her core, not her full form as Aliya smiled: “Thanks for coming, I didn’t want you to miss out on the fun just cause your a baby, let me use your core and help you unleash all the death you desire… how does that sound Kazemi’s Reaper? 
In that moment the core of Dokia erupted mana of a deep Black Death. As we in a moment a pure black blade appear to have formed around Dokia’s core, it was a pure black blade, in its pure black sheath. It was hard to tell what is was, but it was reading a black aura around it as though it was buring in heat. The blade seemed as though it was wanted nothing but life, it called to them in deaths melody. Aliya smiled: “Ah, so lets show them what your power is truly like Dokia, show them hell. She drew the blade: ‘Lets kill them all - Transition!’ She moved forward as she drew the blade, as she did, she began to kill all the people around her, one by one they all died and with it kill is was as though the aura around Transition was increasing in intensity and glow, as she killed all around them the flames started to transform in a blazing black phoenix(Note we are altering the form of Cycle from a dragon to a phoenix, and of Soul’s phenix classification is now a beast!) 

A stream of a blazing pheonix started to appear and burn through and to life from the life force of those killed with Transition, this was Cycle… as she embodied a living primordial fire of life/death and the expression of it. All of Irane’s Deaths and Life’s sit with Cycle. And when he is fully manifested, he can kill himself and retune to life and active various effects from it. Aliya spoke up to the city in a joyous tone: “Ah, Cycle, it is good to finally see you out and about.” Cycle looked on at Aliya and stated: “Ah Aliya, this is strange indeed… I wasn’t expecting you to be the one I wake up to see. I see you killed Dokia to manifest me, I will make sure she knows when she is older about this you know!” Aliya laughed: “I know, I know. That fine… but tell me, I can feel the mana Emo and Mono out and about, I know Unity just arrived so he won’t be appearing, so why don’t you just help me out seeing that Begin and End prevented you from manifesting in your main Dokia’s body.” Aliay listed as Soul’s-Orexis spoked with Cycle. She chucked as she asked: “Are you two done, your both wasted enough time, we have a job to do, and I will not fail!” In that moment Aliya gripped Transitions Hits with more force as the golden force and light from her eyes intensified. He mana burst forth with more energy, she prepared to Draw Transition once more but in a different stance as she asked Cycle, Shall we begin?” Cycle Smiled as he entered the blade of transaction: “Let see what you’ve got Aliya, show me what you can do?” Aliya looked forward at the people in the city, she had just been attacking the northern section of the city as not she moved o the centre, she charged up and began: 
‘Irane’s Will: - Spirit of Death!’ As she drew Transition a massive wave of fire moved though the city from the middle in a arch touching and reaching till the central points of the East, South and West section of the city, Cycle burst forth in a wave of Death-force spreading throughout the area, As he did, Aliya moved transition and Trusted it right down her head to her heart in one fail swoop. She ‘killed’ As The flames of Cycle burst forth, making everyone consumed within its flames and radius of his mana experience the death that Aliya just inflicted on herself. They all felt it, as many did a choice was present to accept the death or to live with the pain. As many said to live a lot from sheer horror and fear chose to accept the death, as they died their life forces was drawn to Cycle who was now radiating Phoenix of Green Life-Force pulse through, as he came back to life, So did Aliya returned by his return, pulling the blade out as those who choose to live felt the pain of the blade being pulled aswell they accepted to be connected and to love. Aliya was now recreating the Trail of Kazemi while Cycle is around. Now With Cycle manifested in Life Mode, he allowed Aliya to use the collected ice force as a power source to her mana. As she now had life force added to her core, she was close to a being of unnatural power, as she used the mana and directed it to enhancing the cores of Valariya and Nevir and making their abilities even more powerful and Yggdrasil launched 3 seeds over to the 4 cardinal positions of the city, making a new tree grow and it killed the people and made even more Zombie humans. For those who survive to fight, it was a nightmare, In the city as in a moment Aliay started to compact the 4 trees onto 4 orbs and launched them to the South-East Region city near and South-Western region of the Alma and Spirits, at the most populated areas n the regions. Then Nevir also destroyed the many zombies into their tree root cores only and packed them around the Trees in orb form, The were Sent With all for, as the other 2 were send into key location with the borders of the Ascen near the Equator. In places were people had gathered to create the tool and weapons of war. They wanted in Horror now as now even the Lands of the Alma and Spirits were being attacked, it was hells as When they landed in the middile of the cities, they spread the Zomies root cores before crashing making the spread and fall on the people, even having them lauched small groups into villages along their territory and they moved through the air. Its was vast array of death that spread through the land. As they hit the Trees groups dn started to kill and absorb the cores and powered themselves. Growing and expending, then Nevir making all those who died into zoembies, now though Aliya added 4 new beings of mass desertion made from the remains of the Cycles death force, they were akeen to gain ghost like beasts that could go intangible and kill and make you a zombie just by a scratch. It was a horror show, as the land was in hell 

But just as they landed Aliya Seemed pass out, as Irane completed the objective on his side, but she wouldn’t simply go out without a bang as Aliya in her last move compacted the mana of Cycle in a tiny sphere mode, as she prepared and thrust Transition upwards, piercing the Orb right through the center detonating a massive explosion ampleified by the explasion from all the all zombies as they all detonated at once, even the Tree all unleashed a life stealing fire as they blow up and sent a wave of the flames that stole life, benign in all direction, all over the city and location. It was explosion all tover the southern region killing million upon millions more, it was devastating in all regards. There was to much happening as in a moment it seemed Acana was turned into a Crator. Very few made it out alive from that wreckage, There were so many dead that it made no sense, and the reason was simply. They never expected any form of attack would hit yet. They were ill prepared, and moving all the resources to the main capitals to be used in the upcoming war, funny enough, the official reason Aliya was there was to collect a load if defensive and offensive cannons from the South region off to the capital for the war. It was knowledge that landed Aliya the win in this regards, Orexin stated that she needed to kill at least 500 million enemies as a target, extremely high number just to push for a goal and a point to over come, as at the end, there were a recorded estate number of over 800 million people dead in total and nearly 1 billion people badly injusred and out of actions. It a hard blow in total.

Aliya though woke up in the medical bay, as they saved her from the ruined city. They said they found her near the East of the city and under alot of rubble, she was seriously injured, as she had a bone right leg and left arm, a lot of internal bruising and bleeding and broken ribs. But she would survive. As this was due to the final explain she unleashed with Cycle and Transition, she killed them all, it was asaind only 300 people were found alive and barely alive, as she was counted among them. She was calm and acted accordingly as the reports came rushing in. In a moment There was response form all forms as they look through the lands. It was an unthinkable blow. One that would be followed by alot more. 

A few days later there was reports from the Celestials and Spirits, who retuned from Tulla, they described the event and how they all saw it, as being that named itself the Emperors Nexis, his spell brought t life. They all called it an omen, a living spell of devastating which kept changing over and over and over. To meet’s goal. They described it as a natural disaster. A force of nature fought down upon them. It was a terrifying description of what could only be described as a force of nature descending on them. Niro, ELorah and Azen were now on the edge of losing it, as they tired to get back word from the war front in Paradise, There was no word and it made the siltation so much worse. Soon Aliya saw Arai in the hospital and told her everything. She cried as she thought about of how she used her sister and Nevir cores as weapons, and her tools, and of how she lost her mind and killed so may people. H told her of the spirit and of how she understood now why Irane warned her to never let that spirit inhabit her. But more than anything she hated how proud she felt at that moment, at how she felt what she was doing was pleasing to him, it was the only way she could cop with the reality of it all. Aliya told Hope of how terrifying it was as Soul’s in Valariya’s appeared and apologise to Aliya, and explained that it was a force activation of the will by Iris, as Irane was also tapping into his will, it made it even more intense than what It normally is like. But it was clear that Irane was in a fight when he used it and he was enjoying himself, as to why Aliya felt happy as she thought of the children she killed with no hesitation. She was nearly broken and in tears as she smiled with tears flowing. Sone a massive commotion came up from the city and Arai was summoned. 

They saw the return of Axola who was screaming out in agony, his mana was pushing away all thing in his way and pushing him forward, he hands had the heads of Olda and Duki on each on and his finger seemed to be breaking into their skulls, he gripped them with all he had as though to make sue they couldn’t fall or be taken. HE looked dead inside as though he had been walking non-stop, as he appeared he was mumbling, his was speaking non-stop but his words were in-audible to them as he simply walked. As he did the All the people in Mana watched as he simply walked broken mumbling. He walked to the palace, and as people tried to get close to him, he attacked them, forcing them away from him, as Arai ordered them to stop and to let him enter, she made sure the palace was set as All were present, the 3 leaders, and heads of the houses, Hope, Arai, Zoe.. Azen, and his chidren, as well as ELorah with her 2, then Niro who now had Nuro, with his again, he was forced to bear his black and white hands for all to see, in shame, he had many scares from clear experimentation. He was in a human body now, clearly one modified in a secret lab for ‘special investigation’ and projects. Now As they all looked on Axola finally fell down when he was before his father. He looked up at him as his looked to hold the marks of a broken man, He had the eyes of a man who saw far to much, of an old man who has seen nothing bu t death and hell. As he stared blankly at his father. In a moment Niro asked after a long silence: “Speak, dammit what happened.” Axola looked to him as he spoke. Father… He’s.. he’s a monster, Droom was wrong, she was mistaken, she was so very much mistaken.” His voice was shaken and broken, his body seemed to be in raged condition as he ordered them to get him water and refreshments and food, as it ws brought, Aoloxa grabbed the water and drank, after a moment he looked out again as he cried out to the whole room: “He’s going to kill us all, his a monster no, a abomination. He isn’t any kind o man, no, no he is an atrocity against everything right with this warld. He cried out as he told them he told them what occured, but it was for to dramatisised by his shaking body and tone. He spoke of Irane as a being who thrived on their suffering. As spoke of him not as a man but a as insult to creation: 

“He was no meer man, He played with us, he made himself look weak. We thought we had him, no, it was far from the truth, I heard it. The birth of Urial echoed. The child of Valariya...(At this Aliya reacted by widening her eyes, a movement that Nuro noticed, as he noticed a faint smile as well). He used a spear and spoke of it as a tool of unmatched power. He destroyed us and toyed with us, He said he felt hatred towards Olda and Duki and he killed them, he killed them slowly and he enjoyed it, he enjoyed hearing their screams of agony. And then…” As he paused shaking in fear and terror he added: ‘He stabbed me it and made me grab their heads as she broke them slowly, making them scream in pure agony foe that felt like an eternity(Note lets say the Irane’s will lasted 2 hours, not 45 minutes). 
As he made them suffer for an hour, a whole hour. I held them down as he ordered, I couldn’t control myself, or my mana, as as held them, I held them so intensy that I broke through their skills, but they kept screaming and suffering, they cried out. He simply laughed as he torutured them. His laughed, his smile, please, I beg of you I begged him to end it already. He laughed and he made me crush them and slam their heads into the grouund, he made me make them suffer, over and over. He finally put them out of their miseries.: He pointed the heads of  Olda and Duki towards Hope and Zoe. He finally let them go as they fell and his mana moved it to them. As he looked down in horror: “He ordered me, Order me!… To give them to you both. He told me to tell you, to tell you that he’s looking forward to seeing you both, you both and you Arai!” He looked up in horror as he then carried on as he looked at his father in pure fear, he described Irane destroying their warriors. Of how he and Mira killed all of them, and how none survived, now at. And of his smile… His laughter.” He was traumatised as he trembled on the ground shaking. It was too much for him to . He wanted t cry as he cried out: “The Emperor, the Abomination” The way he was speaking was for to much as it was clear his mind was gone. Niro was enraged at his words as he prepared to kill hm for his failure, the heard the Tenza, Tunde and Tola also returned. They were all in horrible shape, with Tola having the greatest damaged, as he wrapped his face in a bandaged cloth and mask, being carried in a wheelchair. He couldn’t move, as he was pushed by Tenza who by all accounts got of with the mildest amount of damage, only missing his left eyes. Then there was Tunde who was missing his Right arm and left leg, using earth magic to create a prosthetic one. They were all in horrible shape indeed as they looked at Axola and realised he had survived. As they all told them, that all that Axola was speaking was true. Irane did all of it. As They been describe Mira and her transformation in more detail as Tola who couldn’t speak named it in a moment: “Penumbra”. There was chilling silence as they asked him if he was insane to Bring up a ghost story, as in that moment Zoe added the name: “And what about: ‘Tisiphone’” Should we also disregard that too. She spoke with reverence and fear. As Tenza asked what they were talking about, in a moment all the information on all three sides was presented, The accatk in the South territories, The horde of undead being that marched and killed everyone, in the form of a vengful spirit who laughed at there agony and suffered. They called her Tisiphone, as the name many woman used as the legends they formed of a being who would save them all. One would bring them to a better land and save them. It was childish drama and fantasy, a fact Elorah adds to break as she reminds Zoe that it killed every single individual. They all looked at Aliya as she was the only one in the room who had a good close look at the being as she was stated to be in the city as they found her there.

She looked down in horror as she spoke: “That thing was no saviour, al it wanted to do was kill, that is it, it smiled at all the carnage and those monsters it.. all those people who were unfortunate enough to die, it was a monster, nothing more and it enjoyed killing use, it enjoyed it purely and absolutely”, she said in pure horror, as tears started to flow down her face, she cried as though a child who had seen hell, she cried and her tears terrified many of the those in the room aswell, the elders as they all wondered what this was. Then Pino also added the info on the what happened in the city of Tulla, and of the ‘living spell’ it was clear to all that this was the work of Irane, but that was made even more real at Axola who spoke in what sounded like pure insanity: “We should pay our respects, and do all we can to avoid his empire, we must not attack, we must no, he will come and kill us, he will end us next time. He will come, he will end us.” His words made them all uncomfortable as Niro told him to shut up, but he didn’t he continued as she Niro repeate himself, but he wouldn’t stop. No he needed them to hear him. He called Irane an abomination, a curse on this world. He spoke of how he claimed to have fought ‘Gods’ and how he forge weapons to kill them. He even claimed that they could destroy even the Grand Tool’s of Selis. As he described how he did just that with. He called it a divine Tool, and described Dima, his dragon as a Divine Beast. These claims were only comformed and realised by the reactions of Tenza, Tunde and Tola. All their faces said the same thing, “He isn’t lying!” At this Azen burst into rage and punched Axola as eh began to pummel him into the wall as she screamed at him to shut up, It was clear he reached his booing point, in that moment. Arai spoke up: “We should stop all advances on Paradise and focus more on putting our efforts on Heaven for now, we clearly have not idea what he is…: At those words Azen walked over towards Arai as he bared his fangs in anger as Arai looked right at him with no fear, he growled like a beast: “Are you afraid because he said he was coming for you, you Hope and Zoe. Well of course I understand, I would be cowering to if he said he was going to kill me too, but don’t spread your weakness to the rest of us!” In that moment Arai asked directly: “Okay than lord Azen… Why don’t you lead the next strike attempt on Paradise personally. As one of the 3 most powerful people in Orians, I’m sure he would be no match for you!” Arai said with a condescending smile. As though looking at a beast, which enraged Azen, but he was stopped by Niro with a stare. He moved back as he stated: “Arai, I hate to admit it, but perhaps that would be for the best if we could see to it that for now Irane and his kingdom aren’t in lines with the Primals, why don’t you handle the negotiation terms and peace talks with them for now. As Arai looked shocked Niro added that Dunk would assist and accompany her with an elite using of warrior. Arai request that Aliya with Dio and Leo accompanied her. He agreed as so did Hope and Zoe. The meeting ended with Niro stating that they needed to regroup and prepare incase he strikes again, to that Elorah added: 
“Prepare? Forgive me, perhaps im the fool but how do you prepare for a living spell, how do you prepare for a vengeful spirit, damn how do you prepare for living lighting and destruction, how are we to prepare against an attacked like that” he relation was the ration they all had as Niro simply added: “Figure it out, its you job after all!” The reply sent waves in the room as Arai immediately moved with Dunk, Aliya, Dio and Loe. They prepared what to do as Arai wrote a letter, one that should be sent to Paradise. They planned on peace talks and requested permission to come to the city. As they fished speaking about the plan and what to be done, As Dunk suggested offering a prize, an important hostage and Aira accepted and said she will make the arrangements, Dunk left leaving Arai and them alone as Arai and Aliya updated Dio and Leo on what truly occurred on Acana! They were shocked to hear what that it was Aliiya who killed all those people to also hear how she did how she used Valariya’s and Nevir core abilities and her sister tool. More then any thing they were worried about what this ment as Arai stated as she will do their best to find out about real issues in Paradise and see if she can get intel. As they did They shared their information on there they hid the core of Cronus as Aliya held it with her, she had found it as she was scouring around the area where Enari said It was, it took months of searching and thanks ot her ghost form she was able to pass though. As Arai asked Aliya to giver it to Dio so he can hand it over to Hope. She was to hold on to it as they still were searching for Gaia, as Leo would add how worried they were about the Alma that they marked were safe as Arai added: ‘We will move on this and Aliya be strong and hold yourself together okay, we can’t have you break down. Take some time and rest and with Nina back in the compound, there were going to leave in a 2 weeks time for peace talks. 

As that time passed knew of what occurred in Paradise, and of Irane. They began to lose hope. But what made it so much worse was Axola who was now losing his mind as he rambled like a mad man in the streets creating chaos. He spoke of the events of at Paradise, he spoke of Irane of him in the way that a priest would speak of the devil as a being to be feared and not tested. As the opposition of the natural order. He spoke on the legends of 
Penumbra: A mythical abomination that was said to be a Divine monster, a Devil & Angle hybrid beast. It was a myth of a fairy tale, but now here and now it felt so hard to call it a myth. They heard of Axola describing the 3 Penumbra: The one of Joy and Lighting and Energy. The one of Magic and Insanity. The one of vengeance and horror. And of Irane of the mistake of this world as the darkest of things to exist, how his smile spells the end of us all he, his voice should be feared, and the only way they could appease him was offer your core to him and die! A new myth was born around this, as Niro had Axola impressioned after spreading that. But this as Arai stated ot Niro, would have dire consequences as in a matter of days, the story of Axola spread world wide. Of how he was empressioned for what he said, but that and a lack of a direct testament by the state on his words created a lot of frictions as moral and peoples places and understanding seemed to change over night. They had seen the horrors. Those who survived the assault by Aliya all saw that as a moment out of their worst nightmares. An impossible horror story made real. Zombies, their friends and families turned into monsters trying to kill you, calling your name in a broken destroyed manner. It was horror beyond imagination, so that with the spread of Axola’s tale simply made it worse. As now there grew a small subset of Orians who started to fear what Irane was as they started to refer to him as the name spread: 
“The 8-Anathema”, The Emperor of Apexia. The Core of Core’s.:”The monster who should note be named, but all are permitted to know his name as to give thanks to him when he comes to kill you”: Irane Core Kazemi: The Anathema(8 — written with the symbol of 8 in the word as that means opposite in Orian’s. They Primals also referred to him with the same sybmole, of what is a 8 in numeric term, which again fits to the number 8 being his “favourite number” To Irane.) The Emperor of Apexia. 

As the time came for them to travel to Travel the rumours of Axola’s words had spread deeply into Orians. Arai with Aliya, Dunk, Dio, Leo and Nina Nexal who was asked by Arai to come along, who was now quite showing in her pregnancy. It was strange that she was even asked to join this dangerous mission as Tenza warned Arai that what she was doing was the most evil thing she could ever do. This was the first time they spoke since her return, as she simply warned him to remember his place, as a warrior of the clan and to remember that the Nexal clan is a Great Clan of the Ascen. We are the one’s who bare the Future of the Empire with our time. We exist to by time for the Ascen, that is what we are built on is is not bother.” Yes that was what they were said to be as he was silenced by that statement. He was sad seeing his sister turn into such a monster as Arai reminded him that she’s like that because of him and his weakness and mistreatment of her, and she reminded him that she was leading now and who she was going to destroy the Primals. She would do it as she does everything now. She temper was great as they left! Nina was scared. Arai simply asked her to pack some of her things that she cared about the most and to prepare to travel. Nina asked what for as Arai codly told her: “To buy us Time!” Nina coldly accepted this as her duty as a daughter of the Nexal, and felt sad that her sister was forced to make such a sacrifice. In truth Arai was elated at the way this all occurred as she praised Irane for all he had accomplished and Abel to survive. 

They arrived by the place where the Apexian’s said to meat, Near the Northern gate of the city of Paradise near hill sides, they wouldn’t be under treat of canon fire from there. Which is why it was chosen as the meet up spot. As Pandro Walked forward to great them with a small group of warriors with him. As he asked to follow him. He smiled the whole time. Many of the warriors that chose to come and join the mission to accompany Arai felt worried as they walked through the gates, they asked if they would live to see the tomorrow. As they entered they looked in awe as the city seemed to beaming with life, as it looked like the city was under reconstruction. Dio and Leo looked at it felt as though it felt like massive forge, As they looked on by the South side by the far South Gate what looked like a massive Forge was there pouring out what seemed to be golden ore flowing form. Now the city seemed to be rebuilding itself as the ruined build where being repaired. With what seemed like the Primordial Technology. This whole city was a beaning stream of life and activity as they were met with a large delegation of what looked like people who are to greet them and welcome them to the city, they were the Alma Prisoners. They were forced into human bodies and now serve the Empire. These are the ones who choose to fully accept being a full slave to the Empire.. They were marked and called Apexian’s, Leo looked on un horror and shock as he tried to speak to one of the Alma-Humans now, one he knew very well was among them as he tried to speak to him. The young man at the request to speak from Leo cried out if he was permitted to speak to him, as Pandro looked back and smiled, stating he was permitted to freely and openly speak with them. It was terrifying as he name Oli spoke, he told them of how they were captured and separated into different camps. We were imprissoned for a few weeks. And it was a hell I would not want to return to. After 3 weeks were offered an options, rot in the cells or be of service to the Empire. They served all over, helping and learning from all side and places. Helig by the forgets, schools and service areas. We move on from the mines and forge work, then you do construction and maintenance, then you can move on to learning based on skill, like machinic or combat. Many people are taught based on what they can offer back. As Oli explained that he wend to the highest point, where he was even fully integrated to the system, the the last month he had fully come to respect and admire Irane, even becoming a full fledged Apexia on his way to be a Valariyan. It was strange as he Explained while they passed over the modifiying city, a platform appeared and moved them to the palace. They all entered the Palace as They looked on. The room was of what a true throne room should look like. The Valariyan’s wanted to make a statement, so they assigned they most skilled and stylish decorators, with Milla who was considered the queen of design and at this point was the one redesigning and setting the cloths of the Emperor and many others. They all entered as The Palace was gleaming with Golden pillars all over. As they looked to the back of the room they saw a large State of the Apexia Flag made form what looked like the rarest gems they could dig up. They put all their effort into it as well as the outfits they were wearing as they dressed in what looked like Nobel attired. (Like Suites but in a stylish fluid set, more open but marvellous, and clearly made for royalty the highest of Sociality. As they Approached They saw Irane on his thrown he had had Mira to his left, and Pandro moved to his Right. Audis stood before those present. There was a handful of elders and individuals like Gran-Gran present, as well as Evelyn who was also there with Milla too. They all stood as Criya also stood in full attendance with Jade. They all stood there as when they arrived Audios introduced them all: “Be honoured as you all stand in the presence of the Court of Lord Kazemi! I am he who speaks with the authority of the Emperor, As the current head of the council of Kazemi, Audis Prescian, I greet you and welcome the emperor weapons, His will personified: 
1. Mira Ardent - Grand-Supreme General of Apexia. The right hand of the emperor and second in command of the Empire of Apexia!
2. Pandro Precian - Grand-Sage of Apexia. The left hand of the emperor and third in command! Current Head of the Prescian clan
3. Criya Sin - Champion of Apexia. The strongest warrior tittle in the army. Use and held by the one who holds the title from what Irane calls the Arena. Criya is the first to win and hold the title of Champion of Apexia. He is referred to Kazemi’s Champion!
4. Evelyn Revyn - Head of the hospital unites and health(Adjust as needed for a better way to call it). Current Head of The Revyn clan!
5. Jade Alge - Second head of Technology development under Pandro
6. Milla Ores - Head of Architure and base design.(Needs a better name). 

In that moment there was a calm, as Aliya looked down to the ground, she didn’t seem all that interested and ever since the Acana she hasn’t been herself(Note we will add an extension to Aliya’s story later where we show the people in the village) 
Aliya looked down as all the Orian warriors looked at her confused at her behaviour. As Dunk spoke on: “We are all honoured and grateful to you for this moment my Lord, I speak with the authority of the Lord and Kind of the Orians: My Lord, Niro Vane. I have brought with me as his representatives: 
- Arai Nexal: Current General of the Orian’s main forces, head of the Nexal clan. 
- Dio Ferran: Representative of the Spirits
- Leo Proude: Representative of the Alma. 
- Aliya Hallow: Representative and right hand of lady Arai. 
- Nina Nexal: Second daughter of the Nexal formed leader, and younger sister of lady Arai. 

As he concluded Nina looked on in fear. She wasn’t told my Arai why she was coming but she did over hear the conversation between Arai and Tenza with him calming to ‘by the time’. She wasn’t sure but she was very scared, she and Aliya were side by side as both out of everyone present were the most on edge, There were other Orians who were guards of the delegation who were present and watching behind Arai and Dunk. Audis acknowledged them. IN that moment they looked on at Irane and those around him, He and Mira had a cold smile on their face as they looked down on them. Irane stare was glued to Arai. In a moment Audis moved back as Mira started to speak: 
“I must ask did Axola make it safely and deliver our message and gift to you?” They all looked terrified at his words as Dunk took a breath and replied: “Yes, he delivered the heads of Olda and Duki and he relayed your words directly.” Mira smiled more as she looked at Arai: “That’s good, I must apologies though to you Arai, we did try to get your brothers head and my fathers head to you as well but they ran before we could get to them.” There was a cold pause that passed as Dunk was silent, he was scared as Arai continued: “I understand, and I would like to apologies on behalf of the Orians. It has now become clear after your assault on our home, and in Tulla of what you truly wield is true power. We have come to hopefully make amends and create peace if that is possible.” In that moment there was some sturing from the Valariyan’s Present. Even Mira and Pandro shared a look as though unsure what she ment. Dunk noticed this as he wondered why they all seemed confused by this statement. In a moment Irane himself spoke: “I see, so do tell… How many of your people’s deaths did it take for you to finally decide that peace was an options?” Arai paused as she shared as though scared to speak for a moment: “Over 800 million, my Lord Kazemi” There was once again a loud motions as people seemed beyonf shocked, At that moment Irane noticed how Aliya seemed to lower her head even deeper as Arai annoyed the count. It was clear to him as Irane continued: “Really only 800 million? Ah that would make the total death count of the Orians we have killed to be near 1 billion now. So it took 1 billion of your people to die for you to finally come and beg for peace?” Arai added: “I am aware that to simply come and ask for peace but I would like to try and resolve this and end the bloodshed my Lord Kazemi!” Irane looked down at them. As he asked: “Ah is that so, and what do you desire from our side to ensure peace?” 
Arai spoke directly with no hesitation as she gestured to some Orians to bring some boxes forwards, they opened them to reveal 
Arai asking some of warriors with Leo and Dio to bring forth large containers which within them had extremely rare material, Special type soft mana Ore, which is very powerful and very hard to mine high quality of it without skill, experience and, knowledge are all you need.” It was now that Irane looked at it in slight amusement as Arai spoke: “We have a Total of 8 Transport ships with all being full of the rare material as in the those chest. We do hope that can be the beginning to our relationship and partnership. Irane looked on At Arai with slight amusement: “I see so you lbeive you can measure the lives of the cores your people extinguished by what, their weight in Steel and Ore?” His rage was immense as Arai added: “No, My lord of course we aren’t so ignorant. Which is why as a way to show we mean what we say, I would like to offer to you my Lord Kazemi, Nina Nexal my sister to you as yours, and the child she bears will Valariyan’s if that is your will.” Arai bowed Low as she said: “I know I can’t ever bring back this you lost, but let me try and make amends by using my very own sister? Irane looked on in shock as he looked at Nina. He gestured at her to come closer to him. 
Nina was shocked by the statement from her sister. She was now fully terrified, but even more she felt betrayed. And it hurt her, far more then when she was take by Axola. At least then Tenza actually fought for her to try and keep her. She felt the burn of betray as she heard Arai, her sister name her property. She though back to Axola and the hell she endure there with him as now she saw someone even more dangerous then that monster. A being who broke that monster and to her he was beyond terrified, she was trebling as she was holding on to Aliya’s hand, on that moment Aliya gripped her hand tighter as though to tell her it was okay. Nina was at the point of crying as a few tears feel. She walked slowly before Irane as she looked at him trembling and shacking as she wen to her knees she looked at Mira, as she was hoping that the old friend whom she knew back in the academy was in there. But all she saw was her smiling face,(Note Irane is very happy to see Arai, which is why their both smiling and why they both seem to excited and happy, but to the Orains, the smile terrifying). Aliya noted her Axola described them, with the smile of monsters on their face as she just saw that, the monsters smiling. She felt like a lamb being offered up to hungry evil wolves, she felt their gaze on her as though they were enjoying the sight of their next meal. She couldn’t hide her tears at all. 

Nina was before Arai now as he looked at her: “Ah, what a wonderful core you have Nina...” He said with a great smile which then faded for a moment as Irane spoke: “I see, so you do understand how to properly apologise Arai. Well sadly I can’t just accept this as a gift just yet Arai, as you see we have our own laws within Apexia. So Nina Nexal, what do you say? You have the choice now to accept being you sisters bargaining chip, and accepting being given to me, as you do you will be made a Valariya, and that makes you mine in all rights. You and your child will be mine! Or you can choose to refuse, in which case this deal ends!” Nina paused as she looked at him, she was shocked at his options to her, but more than anything she was terrified now, she had a choice, to be a slave or to return, but returning to Orians now would make her the enemy in her land, and to her her mind would mean Arai failed and would be punished and that he would continue his attack as she though back to the horror and the reports from Axola, and Aliya on the assults. She hated the land she was from, in her view she didn’t care anymore what occurred to them. But still she was still worried for her olde sister, she could help it as she looked at Irane, and the monster looking at her with a smile. He seemed excited to hear her response. She paused for a moment as the tears just stream down her face, they flowed down as she looked back at Arai: “I truly hope this was worth it, Sis.” She said to Arai as she looked at Irane trembling and crying: “I accept being a Valariya, and being offered to you!” She held her stomach in fear as she said so, as Irane looked down on her, then his smile grew to the point where his fangs bared themselves from that huge arc:” Good, Isoke, Milla please ensure that she is comfortable and understand her place moving forward. As Irane extended his hand before Nina, it was a known custom as she was ment to kiss is hand as a sign of loyalty. Which she did, to Irane smiling even more. 
She was taken by Milla and Isoke(Iso for short as Irane calls her sometimes in private) on the side. she was still shaking as Milla tried to hold and she said: “Don’t worry we’ll take good care of you okay, don’t worry at all.” Those words that were ment to comfort here, did nothing but install more feat into her. She couldn’t bare to hold it as Isoke simply tapped her on the back as she said with a smile: “Don’t worry I was also asked to kill ym child by Lord Irane, of course I did attempt it to…” She said that as a joke intended to lighten her fears, well it didn’t work as she held her stomach and trembled even more. IN that moment she was about to lose it as Milla knocked her unconscious to preevnt her from hurting herself and causing issue for her unborn child as she scolded Iso for her cruel joke, as they left taking Nina’s body with them. 
As that occured Irane laughed: “I see you have given me quite the new servant Arai. I’m curious, why not offer yourself instead of your sister?” Arai codly acted and spoke directly: “Apologies, but I would mush rather ensure that I am not at the mercy of a monster like you, I have no idea what a monster like you would do to me.” In that moment the Apexian’s all screamed out towards her as they saw her statement as an inult ot their lord s Irane laughed, his laugher carried all over the room as he was truly amused: “Ah, that is refreshing, why don’t you all stay for dinner and leave in the morning. It’s the least I can do, seeing as we’re friends now!” 

At the dinner, Arai asked the question which made the room stop in silent: “I wanted to confirm something as we are friends now right Lord Irane.” Irane looked at her as she asked: “In all truths we don’t have an issue with you. But the Primals of More are a different story as you know. We wanted to know where your loyalties lie? Dunk was shoceked by how direct Arai asked, which also shocked all the Apexian’s Present as Mira answer for Irane: 
“We are not allies to Toma More, we simply have an existing peace with them for the next 5 years, that is all, let me be clear to you. We don’t care what occurs to the Primals of Heaven just a s they don’t care about us Apexian’s. So to be more direct, if you attacked them, we would not offer any aid to you or them, we would simply watch and see who won. After all the Primals or the Orians aren’t truly our enemies. We have no real enemies, only fools who come attacking us.” At the Arai raised her glass and spoke with Mira as though they were friends: “Is that so, well that makes me happy, we are planing on going on a full scale war against them so we would hate to have to face the terrifying power you all wield.” Mira laughed as she added: “Ah, that fair but in all honesty there is one point though, You see there is a warrior on yours side: Droom Lucerne, I am very interested in her, as I’m sure your aware, she injured my lord quite badly, and I would love to pay her back personally!” There was a chill in the air as Arai spoke: “Well I can’t promise you will have your revenge, but I will be happy to let her know you wanted to see her.” The dinner was tense until the end as they were all escorted to their rooms. Now they were obviously in individual rooms but they brought their gaurds with them. With Dunk rooming with his own guards and Arai being with Aliya, Dio and Leo were together in one room. As Irane used Dima to suddenly move them to the secure security room, wher only he, Mira, Pandro and Milla with urial were. Irane was with Summari, Nighla and Dokia as usual, but he wasn’t carrying them anymore, instead they were playing on the ground as they all suddenly arrived there

In that moment Irane moved in and gave Arai and Aliya a massive hug as he missed them, Mira was crying in joy showing how Irane truly felt. As Arai noticed how she was more expressive these days, and how Pandor seemed somewhat traumatised but hiding it well. As they all spoke and said their proper hello’s with Milla showing Dio his son Urial, to which he shed tears of joy, stating she was her sister in a way, even stating how he looked nearly like Aliya when she was a baby on the Island. He was crying as Leo was near Aliya was apologising to Dokia, holding her and apologise as Dokia simply laughed in her baby voice, as she seemed to be nothing but excited and happy to see her. It was a strange contras to view from Leo’s perspective as he simply was just with pandro with Summari and Nigla, they both seemed happy to see him, which made him actually happy as he held them, greeting them as they smiled and touched his face with their tiny hands. Pandro greeted him, as though greeting an old friend. They had some bad blood still, but after the island they hand more of a close friendship as when Pandro was on the island as a child, Leo was the one assigned to watch him, so through that they grew close in that time. Leo noticed and asked Pandro if he was okay: “I’ve noticed it from the moment I saw you when we arrived, you have what seems like terrified look in your eye, its the same as Aliya’s, that look of fear that doesn’t seem to be going away. What happened Pandro…”Pandro looked at Summari and told him: “I genuinely got what I always wanted…” he looked so sad as he said that with a forced smile on his face, as Leo seemed shocked as Irane appeared. Let’s all talk he said calling them near. 

They all spoke of the events on Urial’s birthday which was about 1 month ago at this point. He explained the them that what occured in the fight and the activation of Will, and in that moment he showed Iris, who in her ring disk form expended from Irane’s neck, from her resting necklace position to be a large disk being him, with the Golden Orb glowing and speaking to them all as if she was Irane’s personal assistant or monitoring system she explained what truy occured as she told them that once Urial was born, she re-connected with Irane to update him, but noticed that he was in full combat mode, she realised that he in a critical spot and about to kill him and everyone present. Now she was in all essence the tool’s tool. The monitoring system, The component of his Will. She was the key to his will. And active it within Urial, activating Urial’s Core and activating Irane’s Will for him, then through that she using his as the living armour, As the technique registry. As the final product.: 
“ Urial is very very special. In terms of his core and body, in order to save Urial I gave him, the Techniques core: Unity. As in that moment she explained: “Unity is as a beast is a collection of All his Techniques. The final product at the core. Fully polished and set, Unity represent the ending of a spell. A technique for Irane in the trial. Was when you could use a spell from just activating you core. That was what it was. When you can use a complex spell that requires a long incantation, or a long time to fully activate will now just be a core techniques.” Now they all caused as Iris spoke as though she was the one handling the expressions of all of Irane’s will at times during the trial as she finally introduced her self well: “Ah yes you don’t truly know me, I wonder how much Enari has told you about use?” Arai looked worried as Enari made her feel tiny when he was within her, but now Iris made her feel as though she had no control as though she was under her influence, Enari made her feel Like a speck in the Universe, but Iris made her feel Out of control, as they all felt it. But Mira, Pandro and, Aliya didn’t feel that effect. As only Dio was also affected by her. But not Milla and Leo. Iris moved as Arai change her mana to keep from feeling her effects as Irane forced Iris to control herself. She made her point: I am she who is the Tool of the Tool. You can image me as the control system of Irane Kazemi’s very body. I am the operating system + Subconscious AI of Irane Kazmei.” She had a soft voice about her, but the voice was also a mix of teh vooces Arai hear initially, of Z’s Mother, and Aura his first love, and a fading dead voice of the last command that she misread. He voice was sweet but had an echo of vilonce and control: “It was created as the subconscious element, the tool that supported the tool. As we died over and over against Enari.” In that moment Arai moved back in shock as she asked: “Are you telling me you are the one who created Irane’s Body? His whole Will system, Everything?” The room moved back as Mira and Pandro jumped up in shock as Iris stood before them, his form with The disk of Iris behind him made it look like His very core was at her disks center, Thye golden orb was Irane’s core expressed on reality. She pointed to his very core. As They all felt a tense bit of fear. Irane laughed a bit: “Why are you all so shocked about. Iris is a my Tool. The Key to me. She stores all my Tools and cores!” Irane causally said as Arai laughed a bit:”Wait what do you mean by Cores?” Iris Glowed and filled with a golden color and She explained: 
“This is my sealed form In this form I have external excess to The Tools of Irane. I am the forge, as we fought with Enari, Irane died over and over and over and over… Well it was to much, so after we excepted the hell and the suffering and the earth shattering reality of the situation Irane was in we learn to survive, We kpet dying over nasa over, in different ways, And Enari did not lack creativity, He drove Z insane, the mind was destroyed, and turned to ash, The mind excepted and embraced the insanity of the situation. He started to fight back, as he died, we slowly got mara and more power.” Irane stopped her, as he simply told them, that he created Iris as the control machines of his body, She stores the trillions of tool is Created, And the Trillions of Techniques, The Trillions Spells, the Trillions of Souls who created them. And the trillions of Emotions formations Irane Had. All The accepted of the Will drive.” Irane used Iris to control them, as she made her able to operate them remotely based on the situation. She was his control. She was the base to which his tools were formed.” Irane was able to simply place Iris in her disk form on any weapon/ Celestial Tool and she could take control of it through Irans’s Will!” She Stated as also being the place were all their Tools Came from. Aliya’s Anchor, Mira’s Constrain., Pandro’s Grimoir, Dokai’s Transition, and Urial’s Body! She sounded proud as she said it to. As Irane stated: “They are true works of Arts.” As Iris added: 

“We received 2 Commands, Back to back: “Live Kazemi and, Love Arai Kazemi!. And we needed to complete the seal with Arai Love cores. So we created The tools to bind to those close to that Arai loved. We made quite a few of them. When we were at the lab, My heart was told to beat with the emotions making save myself. Aliya was going to die, so I simply took her core and gave her my Will Core of the Soul Beasts. And it passed her allowing her to transfer her core.” There with Dokia, I have to take Sin’s core within Dokia’s body and kill Dokia, but she had to not just choose to live, but to choose walk towards me, and to her I must have seemed like a monster, a demoon of death… yes she still choose to give me her core, she chose my death to live! As now she has all of my True deaths, and control over my Life and Death force. Terrifying... But Pandro, adn Mira, well They were more like last minute catches. As we already had 2 bodies cores within Irane’s body, it would be dangerous to store any more and keep them sustained, We saved ~Pandro because he was a fool who thought I wasn’t going to save them. None of them were in danger, plus Summari was crying out to get you… She said you saved them. It went against logic, but I allowed it. Then Oh then Came Mira...” Iris screamed out in anger: “Oh you just a had to make my core risk it all to save you, Love truly is a foolish emotions that drives me crazy, its why I made this whole system out of and it still makes no sense. But I still got it!” But anyways, With Pandro, It whole body was a product of me creating his body out of the design on a body I discovered.. Beautiful work indeed Arai!” They all looked at Arai with confusion? As she asked what she ment as she explained how her order to create the design of a human body around a core was geniuse indeed. As Irane pulled Junior. Ah, Well he did world perfectly and sank up with my core well. He is the design to which I create all body and formers, and modified to be similar to the most compatatible bodies for his cores..” Stating that she did a horribly crude job of it With Arai, Hope and Zoe inital because of the instability and incompletion of the processes. Which is why they their bodies were failing!” But she stated that after Irane Junior was concieved he now has a proper genetic marker from a true living childe. Junior was was only core with the genetic design of ‘Z’{Note the man has no DNA, or genetic information, he in all rights a Tool!!!!!!!!!} As Irane said: “It really was luck that Ember’s body was able to handle the implantation process, It would have been bad if it failed. Even had too alter the effect of my core hd on her, Made it easier… But thankfully I have the DNA of Ember + The DNA of ‘Z’ Altered to be genetically perfect for a body like his, Able to sustain cores.” Mixed in Made Irane Junior who had the design of All of the bodies of Aliya, Dokia, Mira, Pandro, Urial as well as Summari’s and Nighla’s bodies to{But the where made with a different Genetical Marker}. Iris explained how she Tried to get as much gentatic information stored inside me for when I could start creating you bodies for the cores. As They all thought n=back to how He Consumed Aliya, Ate Daokais heart and lungs, Panaro’s Guts(kidney and liver too) And also Mira’s whole chest and upper body, but she also added that there was a issue of a genetic addition of Minia Consa’s DNA, Her DNA was considered a super match to that of your mothers as this the logical choice was made. As they explained that her DNA specifically now essarely made her Minia’s Consa’s Daughter in terms of Genetics.” Which Made Everyone freeze in shock. Irane Stated: “It really was the only right moves and only possible action!!” Irane Paused as he said: “As A tool I can only lead to do things perfectly… For everyone I am a a perfectness is all I desire: As Iris made Irane smile with As Irane Was getting annoyed with her, She loved to talk. In that moment There was a Crash as Mira seemed to be terrified as she said: I know, I remember now, As They all remembered it from their perspeectives, they had forgotten the true horror of it, They were goignto die, Aliya was dying before him as, So was Pandro, And Mira. All there were dying and Iris offered all three the chance to live, and all they needed to do was offered their cores. Iris Told them in full bold the absolute horrors of what they were singing up, it was not power, it was a hell sentence.: “I have coppered the This Tool For over 50 million years. Million.. You might love to see the death of all things, and all things shall never end. He is a tool has been order to Live! And if you accept you don’t just live, you become a part of him. You will live as Avaters of the Will’s of Kazmei!” They had a taste of it now, the power of his Will core. and they each only experienced one.
- Mira had been Makign everyone around her feel joy and excitement, even she couldn’t stop feeling, even when she just want to rest, it was all she could feel, it was a like a sun was burning on her core and making her feel Joy, No matter what. It was recently that it started to feel better but Irane was still excited which is why they were both smiling this whole time. 
- Pandro hand been thinking about nothing but the insane ideals left within his mind, it was spell ideals and plans haunting him, making him want to activate them. He had started ideas and now all he saw was the spell that would finishing it all. He was also plagued by the ideas that his studies at the City of Tulla. As his spell was especially focused on not destroying the city and destroy just the people, his was forced to make hims magic comprehend the magic, enhancing his understanding of the city though magic, a hell of a curiosity, as Pandro was distarcted, as intead of just focusing on the spell too kill the Celestials and Spirits, he started to focus on the city, as he discovered that the ancient primordial tech there worked through what seemed like Magic circuits. As Pandro started to chuckle as he remembered, as pined smile came across his face as he stated: “It was his voice, the ideals the way he broke it down, and way he dissected it all the bare bone, to the very atoms, to very force and aura from the mana there, did Pandro truly understand the insanity of Irane. As his father brainwashing seemed to finally be at an impasse within, he saw the face  of the monster in that moment and it terrrfied him, but more then anything it attracted him. He was unable to escape, as the ideas where created as the sea of spells were brought to life, as he activated, the spell that they didn’t stop, It made me break down the Celestials to their very base, I even forced many into situation and corners where they had to push themselfve ands truly use their tools. He expalined how he saw it as an experiment, how they were simply subjects and he needed to understand what a Spirit was, and what a Celestial was! Ah he did to know how to Kill them under the orders orders:  to kill all the Orians as he did: But more then anything the knowledge he has now, the curiosity, the incomplete spells and ideas are haunting him, they are in a library entries that live within the Library, they represent incomplete spells,  and idea and spells of for task, Pandro now had to deal with all the ones he made when he creating thousands which haunt him, his spells ghosts hunt him as Mono also makes them tangible and more dangerous the longer they go unfinished. He needed to deal with them and the only way was to complete the spells and make the spirits, complete spell pages. It was his dream of being a master of the library while being hunted. And they all showed up based on which element Mono was that day. 
- Aliya was now seeing the world in the same calculating eye as Irane’s mind, the sprit of the tool was engraved on her now

As they asked what happened, Irane looked as Aliya: “You all experience Iris activating the Will Drive through Urial. He has the power to either activate or deactivate the Drives for a moment. That is what Iris made his core do so she could active my will remotely until she got to me. And as she did that it force activated all the Irane Core at once. And as i was using it, you all tapped into it as 15-35%. I didn’t want to to the it further as Dima was powerful, but I wasn’t used ot using her as a beast substitute without Enari. So I capped it as 50% That way I didn’t risk destroying and force acting the Drive As well. Cause them it would have been overkill.” As They all asked him, that was just 35%… As Irane added: Yeah what did you thing: “I mean of course, I had to fight Enari 37,2 Trillion Time. DO you have any concivible idea how long that is. I describe it as a dream, but when. I came to life, when I became the Lived experience of the Tool from scratch. To me it was like… A hellish ling dream, all I remember was closing eyes after hearing Valariya’s to that golden sunrise, then I was fighting a dragon, of trillions of years, having to tame my broken mind to comprehend it all. You all really thought that was the power and will to beat Enari, please don’t play with me!” 
They all looked at him with terror as Arai said: “You really aren’t human anymore are… no to consider you normal in any fashion is insane. I mean seriously...” Irane altered Iris to take the form of D! - If I was to use this spear as over 50% of my strength, well I can promise you it would have been. A very messy afternoon but besides that:” 
He looked at Aliya and asked how she could have killing 800 million people: “No seriously, that was shocking to hear, seriously it almost have me a heart attack, no wonder I’ve been feeling anxious these past few days. Which spirit did you tap into anyways, It was Logos wasn’t it” As he looked at Arai shaking his head: “Perfectionist demons!” As she looked down and tears started to flow, as she seemed to finally break, she kneeled in front of Irane with tears. With his spear drawn it almost seemed as though Irane was about to scold her and treating her form the perspective of anyone who was watching… 
As she cried: “ Used Orexis, and im sorry, I killed them all, since them all I can do… is” As Irane wrapped his hands around her as he said: “Its not your fault Aliya, Its its mine, okay, that spirit is my spirit. So all you did Wass because of me, teh blood of all those people is on me, not of you. I told you that those cores are just copies, as of know you only have access to 2, but I can assure there is far more horrors as when they fully possess you. I’m glad you experienced this, I know its a horrible thing to say but I want you to engrave this onto you core. You never tap into Orexis ever again, unless I tell you! That being, you only had a taste, if I went over 50% he would have fully possessed you and I promise you, you don’t want to be be possessed by being comprised of 37,2 trillion Broken souls!” At that moment Irane hugged them. As he pulled Mira, and Pandro in: As Iris added to Arai as she said in venom: “Create a seal with the core of the cores of theos you love, I just hope you truly understand the Hell you put the system through with that insanity of a command, you really are insane! And I hope you know I will forever question your sanity!!” Arai looked down in shame, as she realised she didn’t know it was because she misheard things as she just apologised to which Iris said to her: “Your tool should be ready the next time Crono comes ot Irane. As for now I am busy finishing Zoe’s Tool, your tool will be done after, Irane and me are working over time, to have it ready so, do your best to not attack until then.” As Arai looked up at the large dsik, she floated and made herself smaller and rested on her chsest then created what seemed like golden string to hand from her neck: “Have you forgotten, I created a seal out of all the thing you love, Or better to say Irane built a seal, I simple collected the information. I was watching closely at the surpunds as you asked the system to be the champion, and immediately after I get fully set with a woman who can produce cores which match your cores love critics. Irane loves you, no better to say the order was interrupted in a weird way… 
Arai was confused as Iris showed her the full log of her order, as it showed that her order was set as Irane must love Arai, Then to create a seal with the cores of those you loved, Thus I heard to understand love, from your POV, your core where you love yourself more then anything, a love so deep that when reflects against Kazemi’s bordered on the insane.” Arai was confused and shocked as she added: “You have you core, and all my cores are aspects of myself, and so I love all this who have my cores, and some I love more then others. That’s just how a system works and it sets as 
Irane 
Enair and me(Iris) and 
Arai mind frame - Conceptual mind frame 
This was all she needed to realise that now all the people In Paradise had offered their cores to Irane, for human bodies enhanced and at the infulance of his power. He used Design to improve the bodies of all the Human bodies before he gave them to the Primals, and they were all set as Tool similar to the body of Irane. But there is a limit, their bodies are what we consider class 2 bodies, as they are bodies made and enhanced after being created from already. 
Now class 1 bodied were bodies reconstructed Now Mira and Aliya’s bodied were class 1 as they were altered wth a present genetic sequence just enhance to be better for the body, and their bodies where made from Irane’s own body. 
Now class 0 bodies those of Summari, Nighla, and Junior are a very special case as their bodies where just already made their very DNA was unconstructed, But there is a difference and that is in terms of class the Core of Junior was a core class similar to Domination, as he could only enhance the design depending on which class it was at he was set with. Junior is the Design core and to designed a body, and as the design core it can alter the design, so that was the ability of Irane Jurion, as he was the base line, the first child, the Prototype in all rights, the ever evolving design created by Iris.” Arai was shocked by what she was seeing as she continued: “Summari and Nighla are very different from what you have right now. Their bodies were altered at the Genertic level, beyond that even. Their very cores were molded as expression of Irane’s core. After all their were always unstable!” As Arai looked own in shock as She asked what she ment, Iris stated: “
Summari and Nighla’s were the only cores that Irane made form scratch, they are in actuality one core, but at 2 stages. It was an insane concept but when he made them, he was overjoyed, they were beyond unstable, as I was impossible to use, until Irane merged with them fully, but he still let them be separate from him. Those 2 cores the foundation of all that Irane Kazemi, His beginning and his Ending. You could say they are they only things he loves more then you! He even calls then is perfect core, 2 imperfect cores, that make each other perfect. And they also have 2 of his command cores, The ores of his beginning and ending. As I used Uriel to active the Drive at its end point and out powerful, Pandro can activate the will from its start and it will increase in power until the tasks it complete, and it far more controllable, but can become a major problem cause there is no real ceiling…. But still Arai, you think you’ve gained access to Kazemi’s Drive, don’t you. Sorry to break it to you, but you only activate 16% of Irane’s power, and you know that, Trust. I may seem dangerous but Enari, well he is the actual system. I am just the mind, he is the instinct, and well he is far more over bearing than me, you have mo idea what he’s life, you have just had a taste and you haven’t even used it well. Well whatever, just be careful and not fight till I had you the completed tools Okay. 

After their reunion Dio thanked Irane as he said their free to spend the night with each other as Dio and Milla left together with Urial, while Pandro left with Leo, and Aliya stayed with Arai who was with Irane. As Irane asked her what she wanted her to do with her sister? Arai was silent as she simply replied; “You have my core in your head, im sure you already know…” Irane laughed as she stated: “I can, and I can tell how your all alone!” Arai looked at Irane in shock as stated: “Listen, I know you blame your self, and how you want to do the right thing but I need you to take this seriously, The Primals of Heave are preparing to end you all, they have merged with the humans and have been fully organising. They are fully setting out to end you all. If you want ot live and survive, you need to take this war seriously. Aliya that means you too, And I warn you The will will be in hands now, don’t be scared to us either when you need to, trust me you can control it, just take your time and paretic as I showed you. It will just be harder for a while. As he asked her: “Please keep an eye on all my Command cores my soul.” requested wth a smile as she hugged him and said yes My Lord, and Irane asked her, Aliya please”.. As she said it:” Okay, Irane.” He smiled as she said it over res over and repeated how she won’t make the same mistake again and that she will protect them. He smiled as he stood up: “You have grown up well. Listen you will soon start receiving alot more cores and souls. They will be hard to understand at first but don’t scared. All im saying is: “You’ll see dead people, don’t worry about them okay, don’t heisiatet to use them if you need them, they are all my core who have set the contract now, use them. 
Arai, make sure you’re not alone. Lean on Hope and Zoe. I mean it! All three of you, be there for each other. It will become a very rough few years going forward.” As she looked at him, Arai laughed as she said thank you. In that moment Irane made Crono appeared as well as Dima. Swear right here and now before my hearts beats and my minds, my creation core, and ending beasts and Soul as witnesses. Promise me you’ll lean on them. As in a moment” Arai laughed as as she looked at them all worn them as the all cheered her on as they all in unison said: “We all live to serve: Our Goddess, oh Divinity our master mind! Thye said in acknowledging her. She chuckled as they told her to swear that she would lean on them, on all that she had on her side, that she wasn’t alone. That they should could all the beasts and tools on her side as Iris spoke on the tools behalf. Irane stated: “W mean it, if you need us, use us, I all my tools, all my beasts an all my cores are at your service, so use them freely, Don’t fear taping into my mind and commanding it all.” On that night he told her in the presence of all the beast and Aliya, as well as Nina who was ave dropping on them, she saw as Irane stated: “I will ensure that Zoe’s Paradise is set, and Hope’s Empire is stable and staying while also walking and not crawling when Hope comes, but I will also ensure that they are all ready to serve you my goddess” As he said with a smile, he leaned in as he kissed her, Arai warned him that he was going to regret what wanted to do as, All the beast vanished and iris wrapped herself around Aliya’s neck as she disappeared using her ghost ability, as Irane kissed Arai, Nina hide unable to leave the room, and the area and she hid and heard them all night. As had sex, Irane was fully influenced by his WIll now, it was hard, or better to say impossible for him to stop, as Arai kept refusing him he didn’t stop as he stated: “You seem to forget I have your core in my mind, as as far as its concerned, you don’t want me to stop..’ He said he was with her. Nina heard them all night as Arai left near the morning, as she ran to make Sur no one saw them. Irane asked Nina:  “Did you enjoy the show, you little pervert.” As she jumped out as Irane laughed: “Don’t worry, you sister doesn’t knwo you were here, so lets keep all that a secret, I was also a bit out of it, I wasn’t able to think about anything accept her at the moment, It was all I could see in my head. Well she does love her self. 

As the morning passed they all said goodbye as they thanked them, Nina said goodbye to Aliya, but gave her sister a dark and disgusted look. Arai looked indifferent as she had made peace with it, As Arai was leaving Pandro gave her a Device stating that she and only she could use it to communicate with the Empire Directly, and for them to use it if they ever would like to talk, and also to update them on getting in touch with Droom. They all left as Dio looked back Mira who looked as though she didn’t get much sleep and seemed grumpy as she looked at Irane with a judgmental look, as he couldn’t look her in the eye. 
Irane encouraged them to keep pushing and to stay alive, but most importantly: “Even during these hard times, please make sure you all live a little and not just be weapons, but ot be people. And that there was nothing wrong with that. Leo, tell Zoe 200_000 thousand of her Alma are safe and sound, but sadly the last ones were in the lack of a better word, pointless and unsalvageable. And that his sorry as Leo thanked him, as tehy were expecting nearly 80% of them to die, so the fact that there’s even 200,000 is a blessing. Then he asked Dio to make sure Hope was fine and save as he said his goodbyes to them as he told Arai: “You’ve got this Master-Mind!”


{Note alter Aliya’s beast Soul and classify her as a Beast and not a Phoenix, and also change Dokia’s cycle to be a Phoenix and not a dragon. Keep their abilities and base like featers just update the appearance description}
